
"The GeoSolutions technology will leverage Benefon 's GPS solutions by providing Location Based Search Technology 
"$ESI on lows
"For the last quarter of 2010 
"According to the Finnish-Russian Chamber of Commerce 
"The Swedish buyout firm has sold its remaining 22.4 percent stake 
$SPY wouldn't be surprised to see a green close
Shell's $70 Billion BG Deal Meets Shareholder Skepticism
"SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY CORP STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE OCTOBER 14 
Kone 's net sales rose by some 14 % year-on-year in the first nine months of 2008 .
"The Stockmann department store will have a total floor space of over 8
Circulation revenue has increased by 5 % in Finland and 4 % in Sweden in 2008 .
$SAP Q1 disappoints as #software licenses down. Real problem? #Cloud growth trails $MSFT $ORCL $GOOG $CRM $ADBE https://t.co/jNDphllzq5
"The subdivision made sales revenues last year of EUR 480.7 million EUR 414.9 million in 2008 
Viking Line has canceled some services .
"Ahlstrom Corporation STOCK EXCHANGE ANNOUNCEMENT 7.2.2007 at 10.30 A total of 56
$FB gone green on day
$MSFT SQL Server revenue grew double-digit with SQL Server Premium revenue growing over 30% http://stks.co/ir2F
"According to L+ñnnen Tehtaat 's CEO Matti Karppinen 
The company 's share is quoted on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Rautaruukki Oyj : RTRKS .
Elcoteq SE is listed on the Nasdaq OMX Helsinki Ltd. .
Two of these contracts are for turntable anode vibrocompactors that will be delivered to Gansu Hualu Aluminum Co Ltd and another unnamed costumer .
"Aviva
"In stead of being based on a soft drink 
The company plans to increase the unit 's specialist staff to several dozen -- depending on the market situation during 2010 .
The company closed last year with a turnover of about four million euros .
Shire CEO steps up drive to get Baxalta board talking
Costco: A Premier Retail Dividend Play https://t.co/Fa5cnh2t0t $COST
"The five-storey 
"The first installment of the Cinema Series concludes with a profile of Finnish inventor Olavi Linden 
All are welcome .
"Stockmann and Swedish sector company AB Lindex entered into an agreement on September 30 
"HUHTAMAKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 
`` We are pleased to welcome Tapeks Noma into Cramo group .
- Profit before taxes was EUR 105.9 82.7 million .
Royal Dutch Shell to Buy BG Group for Nearly $70 Billion
"FinancialWire tm is not a press release service 
ASSA ABLOY Kaupthing Bank gave a ` neutral ' recommendation and a share price target of 174 crowns $ 24.7 - 19 euro on Swedish lock maker Assa Abloy AB .
"The item included restructuring costs of EUR1 .6 m 
In 2005 the bank posted a net profit of Lt 8.2 mn .
$AAPL afternoon selloff as usual will be brutal. get ready to lose a ton of money.
$TSLA recalling pretty much every single model X @cnnbrk got to short that even at work you jump in money trade
"Dolce & Gabbana has asked the European Union to declare Marimekko Corporation 's `` Unikko '' floral pattern trademark invalid 
InterContinental Hotels first-quarter global room revenue lags estimates
"According to Finnish pension insurance company Varma 
"A portion 
"L&G still paying price for dividend cut during crisis
The volume of investments in the two phases of the project is estimated at USD 300mn ( EUR 215.03 mn ) .
"Russia accounted for 9 % of the Lagardere magazine division 's revenue 
The company also estimates the already carried out investments to lead to an increase in its net sales for 2010 from 2009 when they reached EUR 141.7 million .
Profit of the accounting period was EUR 0.3 mn .
"The six breweries recorded a 5.2 percent growth in domestic beer sales last year to 270.21 million liters 
"In August-October 2010 
"Systeemitiimi 's sales and project resources will also be strengthened 
Tesco share price jumps as Q3 sales top estimates
The fine print is here .
The price for logs has clearly improved from 2009 and also the price of pulpwood has gone up .
"Thus 
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) fell to EUR 0.63 from EUR 1.71 .
"At 3:37 p.m. Eastern time 
"Some of the most recent technology deliveries include refinery technology to Anrak Aluminium 
$VIPS similar pattern like beginning of May. Did u sell? Same now..will go up much higher after this drop.
The firm generated sales of 187 mln eur in 2005 .
"Stora Enso has also had meetings with the labor authorities 
AstraZeneca profit down as sales of stalwarts fade
"RT @andrewnyquist Chartology: Yahoo: http://stks.co/1itr $YHOO  Crazy looking chart
Most bullish stocks on Twitter during this dip. $YHOO $GDX $GOOGL $STZ $GOLD $EW $VZ $CELG $SBUX $SCTY more: https://t.co/iuZJelfwt3
"Finnish GeoSentric 's net sales decreased to EUR 939
"Cohen & Steers 
More staff has been recruited in Japan to further complement its network of close to 50 service locations in more than 20 countries worldwide .
"Paper companies were in negative territories 
Kauko-Telko 's centralized administration will be dissolved and appropriate parts of it will be transferred to operating activities and Group administration by the end of the year .
Operating profit for the quarter April-June 2006 amounted to EUR182 .2 m on sales of EUR3 .62 bn .
Atria chose the DeLight to attract consumers in the 25-45 age group to its Atria Fresh range of microwaveable meals .
"Finnish IT solutions provider Affecto Oyj HEL : AFE1V said today its slipped to a net loss of EUR 115
US sanctions put Gazprom-Shell alliance plans in jeopardy
"Profit for the period was EUR 10.9 mn 
"Profit for the period was EUR 5.9 mn 
Operating profit fell to EUR 20.3 mn from EUR 74.2 mn in the second quarter of 2008 .
"However 
Operating profit totaled EUR 18.6 mn or 8.3 % of net sales .
"Changes in the market situation and tougher price competition have substantially reduced demand for bread packaging manufactured at the Kauhava plant 
"In connection with the deal 
"The Brazilian unit of Finnish security solutions provider F-Secure signed up 1
The fair value of the company 's investment properties went down to EUR 2.768 billion at the end of 2009 from EUR 2.916 billion a year earlier .
"Dealers said the share was largely hit by investor disappointment about a refining margin of just 9.48 usd per barrel for the quarter and the performance of its shipping unit 
"` It is a testament to the quality of our LTE solution and our commitment to the Japanese market ' 
The companies ' aim is to finalize the negotiations and sign the contracts at the start of October 2008 .
"Metso Foundries Jyvaskyla Oy will discontinue production on this line by 30 September 2008 
"A total six of the polled analysts rated M-real -- two gave `` buy '' - `` accumulate '' 
"In September 2010 
$YANG Double bottom 5.2
Tesco share price down as grocer faces SFO investigation outcome
$aapl news is becoming very bullish again http://stks.co/tMU
"GS Engineering will install the valves at a liquefied natural gas LNG plant it has built for UAE LNG extraction and gas plants operator GASCO in Ruwais 
The percentages of shares and voting rights have been calculated in proportion to the total number of shares registered with the Trade Register and the total number of voting rights related to them .
"M-Real said there are ` no grounds ' for the rumors 
"Lember said the matter was topical also in Estonia 
- Moody 's said it gave P A1 long-term senior unsecured and P P-1 short-term debt ratings to Finnish lender Aktia Bank 's EUR1bn USD1 .4 bn euro medium-term note EMTN program of 25 March 2011 .
$TSLA recall
"The liquidity providing was interrupted on May 11 
Hargreaves Lansdown bucks weak markets to see assets rise 2.6 percent
"At 12.59 pm 
"The decision means temporary lay-offs of fixed duration at the company 's Nastola and Jyvaskyla units 
The value of the orders is over EUR 10mn .
Ms Laakso will be responsible for HKScan 's HR functions and for their development in all of the Group ` smarket areas .
"Fiskars is also engaged in the global supply of marine and energy equipment solutions and services through its associated company 
Aberdeen Asset Management Gains Foothold In China
Finland 's dominating rail company VR is planning to set the infected passengers for long-distance trip in a separate carriage .
"In November 
"Finnish Exel Composites 
"Of Bavelloni 's and NST 's joint ventures 
The tool is a patent pending design that allows consumers to lay out their entire project on a removable plate using multiple clear stamps of any kind .
$GOOGL is a short below 740 into the upper BB and is overbought
"LIGHTS OUT Before curfew 
"UPM-Kymmene Corp. 
The total value of the contract is some EUR 8 million .
"The prerequisite for inclusion in the program and for receipt of any gains is that key employees acquire Aspo shares to the amount determined by the Board in advance 
Mr. Doring has been with Eaton since 1989 and acted as the Business Unit Manager for Eaton 's Power Controls Business Unit since January 2007 .
"The 250 sq m 2
"In the financial statement for the first quarter of 2010 
"The world 's second largest stainless steel maker said net profit in the three-month period until Dec. 31 surged to euro603 million US$ 781 million 
"Name of Applicant : Jot Automation OYName of Inventor : Mammila Tuomo 
Netflix Grows Efforts To Create Loyal Customers $NFLX https://t.co/5QXBkoBphe
"The OMX Nordic 40 OMXN40 index 
$AAPL nibbling on a small long via 525.. buying off 13min charts..
The operating margin of Aker Yards Cruise & Ferries division went down from 8.3 % to 6.4 % in the first quarter of 2007 .
"$TYC just about to break out to new highs
"Eero Katajavuori 
"Whats up with $LULU?  Numbers looked good
The adjustment measures will be carried out in phases to secure the delivery capability .
"Alma Media Corporation Press Release 15 March 2010 TYRVAAN SANOMAT AND PAIKALLISSANOMAT BEING BOUGHT BY SUOMEN PAIKALLISSANOMAT Two local papers 
"Temporary lay-offs 
"A meeting for the media and analysts will be held on the same day at 10:30 a.m. at Stonesoft Headquarters in Helsinki 
"Finnish Sampo-Rosenlew manufactures approximately seven forest machines monthly 
"Facebook
"4 February 2011 - Finnish broadband data communication systems provider Teleste Oyj HEL : TLT1V said Wednesday its net profit rocketed to EUR4 .8 m in 2010 from EUR416 
$FREE Ha Heeeeeere comes the pump! So glad I picked up 9K end of day! Get ready for the bull ride!
"Finnish technology group Aspocomp Group Oyj ( OMX Helsinki : ACG1V ) issued its third quarter report on Thursday ( 13 November ) 
"The building complex consists of high-quality office and retail space totalling 49
Finnish insurance company Fennia and Kesko Group are ending their loyal customer cooperation .
The unit is planned to be operational during the second half of 2007 and in full stream in 2008 .
"ITG 's share in the deal is estimated at some 500
The plant is expected to enter commercial operation by mid-2009 .
Aspo has also investigated the sales opportunities of Kaukomarkkinat 's electronics business .
BG Group appoints new CEO one month early
The acquisition will have an immediate positive impact on Aspocomp 's financial result .
"Finnair 's passenger load factor 
RT @bman1 $LNG looks primed also $EGHT poised to run too...
It is also 7.7 pct above the 12-month volume weighted average price of the stock .
Coke dividend - 3%. Google dividend - 0%. For passive income Coke takes it. $GOOG $KO https://t.co/QBsoWjxOST
"Profit before taxes was EUR 5.4 mn 
The subsidiary is setting up a facility for manufacturing high-density interconnection printed circuit boards or PCBs at Nokia 's special economic zone at Sriperumbudur near Chennai .
$CRM Sep 40 calls are +35% since entry #BANG http://stks.co/deDm
"In January-June 2010 
Rapala said it estimates it will make savings of 1-2 mln eur a year by centralising its French operations at one site .
$VMW  Got a nice push today following small sweepers of May C this morning
That topped consensus forecasts for earnings of 0.21 euros a share .
R&D Loan ) .
"In future 
"You need to be ready when the window opens up 
"More than 50
"PA ) 
$CTRP  breaking out here on good vol and a parser buy signal  ..noticed this on bob langs comments looking for 48 fast
"Sales in Finland decreased by 10.5 % in January 
"The pulp production in Finnish Kemij+ñrvi will also be liquidated and about 1
Nordea was the cheapest also for a couple in their 30s with debt .
"Jussi Pesonen 
"Tesla is recalling 2
"Adjusted for changes in the Group structure 
"Making matters more difficult 
The amending of the proposal simplifies the proposed plan and increases the incentive for key employees to stay in the Company .
The solution will now be expanded to include all ground staff tasks .
"Operating loss totalled EUR 3.2 mn 
"On #FEDDAY looking for a sharp move up in equities $AAPL $HD $LOW $FB seeing $UVXY $TVIX getting hammered
"Net sales totaled EUR 93.6 mn 
As a consequence the Works Council had withdrawn its petition to suspend the reorganisation .
CEO Erkki J+ñrvinen is happy with the company 's performance in 2010 .
"Comparable net sales are expected to increase more than 10 % in 2008 
"Following the transaction 
"The government started the sell-off last month 
"The report goes on to provide detailed profiles of ten leading European specialty chemicals companies 
"Both operating profit and net sales for the three-month period increased 
The company expects its net sales for the whole 2009 to be at previous year levels .
"The company is headquartered in Sievi 
"Commission income increased by 22 % to EUR 4.4 mn 
"The Finnish company sold its UK operation - consisting of 50 staff in offices in London 
"In the building and home improvement trade 
"The Innova 2 building will be located close to downtown 
"Finnish textiles and clothing group Marimekko Oyj posted a net profit of 7.99 mln euro $ 10.4 mln for 2006 
The main strength of the cooperation project lies in merging the know-how of two large companies .
Shareholders have a right to put on the agenda of the AGM items that are within the competence of the general meeting .
Kazgiprotsvetmet and Outotec Finland have signed an agreement on strategic cooperation in the marketing and providing of minerals processing and metallurgical plants and related services in Kazakhstan and the surrounding countries .
"Due to the rapid decrease in net sales 
The government has instead proposed an exchange of the state 's stake in LMT to TeliaSonera 's stake in Lattelecom .
Stora is due to release its fourth-quarter and 2009 full-year earnings on Feb. 4 .
Full-year operating result for 2008 was 3.6 million negative .
$NQ got hit hard lower this AM --> looks like it has found support a 18.89 http://stks.co/s052z
"In 2008 
"The company has established a 3G base station at about 17
We offer our customers solutions based on renewable raw materials .
A survey conducted by Taloustutkimus for Sampo Life shows that companies are badly prepared to losing key staff members .
"Antti Orkola 
The pretax profit of the group 's life insurance business increased to EUR36m from EUR27m .
We make available the following brand-new market analyses Cement - Pakistan Cement - Malaysia Cement - Taiwan Cement - Philippines These analyses give a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the cement industry in some Asian countries .
"The Company serves approximately 3
RT @alphatrends VMarkets Are Still Acting Weak http://stks.co/1agn  $SPY $QQQ $XLF $SMH $IWM
"Operating profit totalled EUR 30.2 mn 
"One of the installed elevators will be a double-deck elevator 
HELSINKI ( AFX ) - Outokumpu said it has agreed to sell the Hitura nickel mine in Finland to Canadian group Belvedere Resources Ltd for 10 mln eur worth of Belvedere shares .
Just went long $ILMN
`` Social networking and location-based service trends comprise a significant share of the Internet traffic today and are appealing to MID users .
A total 30 % of the order value was booked in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the remainder will be booked in the second quarter of 2010 .
Johnson Matthey share price slumps as company posts full-year results
There have not been previous share subscriptions with 2004 stock options .
AffectoGenimap builds highly customised IT solutions for its customers in Finland and the Baltic countries .
"The closing of the transaction is scheduled to take place on January 10 
"However 
"Operating result for the 12-month period decreased from the profit of EUR0 .4 m while turnover decreased from EUR5 .6 m 
The administrators have indicated a need for 900 job cuts at the Irish insurer over the next 15 months .
Net sales in 2008 are expected to be on the same level as in 2007 .
Technical indicators for the stock are bullish and S&P gives NOK a positive 4 STARS out of 5 buy ranking .
"Revenue for the quarter totaled 27.4 billion 
N-Viro operates processing facilities independently as well as in partnership with municipalities .
The number of bodily injury cases quadrupled in 2000-2006 .
"According to Ringman 
The company also said that in Poland a profitability program has been launched at the Oborniki steel frame and sandwich panel plant .
And U.S. energy executives say high steel prices are threatening energy exploration .
Tesco sales rise shows tentative recovery continues
"In Finland 
$NUAN held up well after the big gains! Maybe we're finally on the move on this!!its still very undervalued and has major upside
"The company can be split into two parts over the coming months 
Officials did not disclose the contract value .
"London 's leading shares today jumped almost 100 points 
"In the third quarter of fiscal 2008 Efore swung to a net loss of EUR 400
"The group 's operating loss was EUR 0.8 mn 
The move was triggered by weak demand for forestry equipment and the uncertain market situation .
The combined company had pro-forma net sales of 140 mln euro $ 188.9 mln and an operating profit of 13 mln euro $ 17.5 mln for 2006 .
Managing Director Kari Inkinen says that Sponda 's leasing operations developed highly favourably .
17 March 2011 - Goldman Sachs estimates that there are negative prospects for the Norwegian mobile operations of Norway 's Telenor ASA OSL : TEL and Sweden 's TeliaSonera AB STO : TLSN in the short term .
"$TSLA steaming up again
Marathon estimates the value of its remaining stake in Protalix at $ 27 million .
Whitbread share price climbs on Q4 sales growth
Incap Contract Manufacturing is a subsidiary of Incap Corporation of Finland .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 37
"We went to the market with yield guidance of the 7.25 % area 
"RT @stockdemons think shorting here into close might be play
"VDW combined with LXE devices enhances productivity 
"Thus the method will cut working costs 
Talentum 's net sales in September were smaller than expected .
COPYRIGHT AFX News and AFX Financial News Logo are registered trademarks of AFX News Limited
$LNKD Daily Phase 2 retest - Price experiencing early rejection. Can it retest? http://stks.co/t04xX
RBS will reportedly appoint Howard Davies as its next chairman
"Tesco
`` With this new version it is very important for us to introduce a BIM process that is based on the detailed building information model .
SAMPO PLC Jarmo Salonen Head of Investor Relations and Group Communications tel. +358 10 516 0030 Distribution : NASDAQ OMX Helsinki The principal media Financial Supervisory Authority www.sampo.com This announcement is distributed by Thomson Reuters on behalf of Thomson Reuters clients .
.@barronsonline sees #Apple at $150/share in a year (+36% from today) on growing services business. $AAPL https://t.co/3BDNEKN7l1
Pharmaceutical market in Poland Global Research & Data Services published recently a market analysis about the pharmaceutical markets in Poland .
Altogether Finnair has canceled over 500 flights because of the strike .
"The employer 
Pretax loss totaled EUR 117mn compared to a loss of EUR 65mn in the corresponding period .
The order includes 48 ship cranes that will be delivered for 12 container feeders to be built at Wenchong shipyard in China .
"Copper 
$GOOG Testing the 200 day after some consolidation http://stks.co/h0cPJ
"He joins Technopolis from KONE where he has held various positions within the Group 
"We succeeded in increasing our market share of sold apartment '' 
"Profitability ( EBIT % ) was 13.9 % 
"Finnish GeoSentric 's net sales decreased to EUR 939
"The plant is scheduled for completion in late February 2007 with hand over of some areas in January Two other suppliers of Nokia - Aspocomp Group Oyj and Perlos - have announced their plans to establish plants within the Nokia complex Together 
- UPM-Kymmene upgraded to ` in-line ' from ` underperform ' by Goldman Sachs .
Slump in Weir leads FTSE down from record high
"Jan. 6 -- Ford is struggling in the face of slowing truck and SUV sales and a surfeit of up-to-date 
"Royal Mail 'breached competition law' over delivery service changes
"The cooperation will involve Arena Partners buying a 35 % share of the new joint venture company 
The Efore plant at Saarijarvi in central Finland is one of the largest employers in the region .
However short-term rentals are becoming more popular .
EMSA Deputy Chairman of the Board Juri Lember told BNS on Wednesday that this was the first time he heard about the strike as the Swedish side had not informed the Estonian union yet .
Tesco closes in on new chairman with Dixons Carphone's John Allan in the frame
"The device offers multimedia performance along with a host of productivity applications 
"Sales climbed 19.2 pct to 1.002 bln eur 
$FB turns back down in early trading.... https://t.co/reuf5PzhBm
"Utah 's capital wanted to be the next U.S. headquarters of Amer Sports Corp. 
Old Mutual First-Quarter Sales Up 18% Buoyed by Emerging Markets
"The dividend is payable on February 1 
"Sales in Finland decreased by 10.5 % in January 
"Furthermore 
"KESKO CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 28.02.2008 AT 09.30 1 ( 1 ) Kesko Corporation and Aspo plc today signed an agreement by which Aspo acquires the share capital of Kauko-Telko Ltd 
$LULU #Outlook #Q1 2013 #lost revenue in the range of $12 million to $17 million -not good
Mobile communication and wireless broadband provider Nokia Inc NYSE : NOK today set new financial targets and forecasts for Nokia and the mobile device industry and also for Nokia Siemens Networks and the mobile and fixed infrastructure and related services market .
"POYRY PLC Additional information by : Heikki Malinen 
Danish company FLSmidth has acknowledged that it has violated a patent held by Finnish Metso .
Amanda Capital has investments in 22 private equity funds and in over 200 unquoted companies mainly in Europe .
"Net interest income was EUR 39.3 mn 
"Jeder Beta-Tester erh+ñlt kostenlos sechs Monate lang Updates und hat laut eigener Aussage die M+Âglichkeit 
"JP Morgan expects that Scala will lower Nobel Biocare 's growth forecast for 2007 from the current guidance of 23-25 pct 
Aviva promises higher dividends to boost flagging share price
"In addition 
"Fiskars has a strong portfolio of international brands 
#Tesla: Model X Recall Adds To Reliability Issues $TSLA https://t.co/jVXQ4DoXnP
The name of the buyer was not disclosed .
Net sales of the Vegetable Oil Business rose to EUR 10.6 mn from EUR 10.1 mn .
"Under the agreement Benefon 's forthcoming range of TWIG integrated GPS navigation and mobile phone devices will use the jointly developed web-based tracking and location technology 
"Following this increase Huhtamaki 's registered share capital is EUR360 .62 m and the number of shares outstanding is 106
"The three year turn-around program is expected to ensure Salomon 's future competitiveness 
"In the autumn 
"The company 's profit totaled Ls 578
The Federal Secretary for Transport and Communication of Mexico has awarded Poyry and its Mexican partner Sintra a consulting contract in connection with the Buenavista-Cuautitlan suburban railway .
FDA approves AstraZeneca drug for advanced lung cancer
The order is included in Metso 's fourth quarter 2007 order backlog .
Lieksaare Oy has earlier been regarded under the control of Saarelainen Oy and the individual shareholders under the shareholder agreement .
"Ragutis 
$mcp rolling over for a new intraday low. Bottom Pickers continue to get destroyed
The company has an annual turnover of EUR32 .8 m.
It has80 branches in Finland with annual revenue in Finland of ?
"The portfolio comprises of 118
WPP boosts sales despite cautious clients
The medium-term operative targets of the company remain unchanged .
"ADP News - Feb 13 
`` Consumers have very well received our packed fresh meat .
The corrected chapter is in its entirety below .
"The major part of the deliveries include different AC and CXE amplifier solutions and products by DINH Telecom 
"TietoEnator itself uses Nokia 's Intellisync Mobile Suite 's wireless email 
It will provide heating in the form of hot water for the sawmill 's needs .
"However 
"In the second quarter of 2010 
"$DGI technical alerts: Gilligan's Island Buy Setup
"The record date for dividend distribution is March 14 
( I&H ) in a move to enhance growth .
"The EBRD is using its own funds to provide a 21.6 million A loan while the B portion of 10 million Euros has been syndicated to two Finnish commercial banks 
"Stockholm 
He said he has been losing five families a month to the economy as many make alternative arrangements to save money .
"MILAN ( AFX ) - The Italian shipping group Grimaldi has increased its stake in the Finnish company Finnlines to 35.4 pct from the 30.5 pct held in June 
"Commenting on the deal 
"External net sales from the printing business fell by 43.7 % 
"The group intends to relocate warehouse and office space in Loudeac and Saint Marcel to Morvillars 
"The firm is headquartered in Vantaa 
"At 1.33 pm 
"We are honored to be recognized by Gartner as a specialist in Business Process Modeling and Analysis 
"Westpac Banking Corp - Is to issue a benchmark 
"Includes company and brand share data by category 
For the new shares subscribed with stock options all shareholder rights commence from the date on which they are entered into the Trade Register .
$AAPL price momentum weakening going into the close.
Through the acquisition Solteq will expand its solutions offering by Microsoft 's Dynamics business software products .
"The company 's profit totaled Ls 134
"LEED is an internationally recognized green building certification system 
"However 
TalkTalk hires BAE Systems to investigate cyber attack
Looks like its booking a one way ticket to its 40 week MA near 50. Losing 10 week here $LULU http://chart.ly/7xb9h9b
"FTSE led lower by M&S
The exercise price of the option will be based on Safran Software Solutions ' license and maintenance sales as well as the result of the company .
Full-year operating result for 2008 was 3.6 million negative .
"The company said production volumes so far indicate the circuit is capable of the targeted output rate of 60
"Jun. 25 
"`` We have come out with a decision which is based on our preliminary economic 
"The new majority owners of Aspocomp Thailand Co. 
"Some 3.8 mln euro ( $ 5.2 mln ) of the base acquisition price will be paid in cash and the rest through a subscription offering of a total of 850
"Established in 1987 
The business section also includes Ahlstrom 's sustainability report .
"+£lemiste City is the environment for a knowledge-based economy providing work for 3
Jacobs has been supporting Storengy 's investment of developing storage sites since 2006 as owner 's engineer .
"The company had earlier said that it was considering different strategic options for the struggling low-cost mobile operator 
"Sainsbury's
Barclays sells benchmark indices unit to Bloomberg
Operating profit in the fourth quarter fell to EUR33m from EUR39m a year earlier .
Finnish forestry company UPM-Kymmene and waste management company Lassila & Tikanoja said on Jan. 30 they were planning to produce ethanol and energy from commercial and industrial waste .
"ISMS does not disclose its financial results 
"The contract covers the manufacturing 
Finnish metal industry solutions supplier Outotec Oyj net profit rose to 50.4 mln euro ( $ 72.5 mln ) for the first nine months of 2007 from 20.1 mln euro ( $ 28.9 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
"Under the deal 
"For the first nine months of 2010 
"$AAPL 50DMA turned up
Protalix has $ 42 million in cash and no sales .
That bearish outside day Tuesday is significant. 200 day resistance still intact. just my opinion $SDS http://chart.ly/2bey48t
All rights reserved .
"It will be operated by Nokia 
"Mr Priit Kasak 
Shire Sees Baxalta Deal Closing as Expected After New Rules
Sainsbury CFO Rogers to Replace Home Retail CEO Walden
"Marathon now has a 4.6 percent stake in PLX 
"Simmons Elected DCUC Chairman PORTSMOUTH 
Sanoma News ' advertising sales decreased by 22 % during the year .
Pharmaceutical market in Czech Republic Global Research & Data Services published recently a market analysis about the pharmaceutical markets in Czech Republic .
"Finnish construction company YIT is reducing the number of start-ups of market-financed residential units in 2007 to about 2
Cash Flow from Operations for the most recent quarter also reached a eight year low .
"TietoEnator was down 1.13 pct to 18.38 
The maritime administration said the ships had ignored warnings about the icy conditions .
Synergy Pharma Soars 67% Today On Positive Phase 3 Results $SGYP http://stks.co/j2awg
Operating profit rose to EUR 1.6 mn from EUR 1.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2006 .
"Making matters more difficult 
"$VRTX Vertex. Monthly -lower hi/lower lo
Financial details were not disclosed .
"These include software development for internet and mobile telephone content 
"YIT lodged counter claims against Neste Oil totaling some EUR25m 
Should You Follow Berkshire Hathaway Into Apple Stock?
The total amount of subscription prices was recorded in the fund for invested non-restricted equity .
"$TSLA 5th wave down on the 1 hour chart
"Strongest growth was seen in the new markets in Russia 
The tower 's engineers have created an 18 degree westward lean - four times the inclination on the Leaning Tower of Pisa - using diagrid structures that are aligned geometrically using Tekla Structures BIM ( Building Information Modeling ) software .
"Amer 
"Acando AB ( ACANB SS ) fell 8.9 percent to 13.35 kronor 
"With the measures 
"@IfHeDiesHeDies: @Bullhorn334: $ZNGA shorts are getting nervous"""""
The financial statements release will be available after publishing on the Company 's internet pages at www.cargotec.com .
"The world of glass is coming to Egypt and we invite Visitors from all around the world to attend Glass World Exhibition 2009 
"Comparable operating profit totaled EUR 4.7 mn 
"Most of the raw materials come from Europe and the US and are paid in euros or US dollars 
"( ADPnews ) - May 4 
"A maximum of 666
It inspects the companys strategic strengths and weaknesses .
No planned closing date was provided .
"The Lemminkainen Group 
The implementation of the deal is subject to the approval by the Finnish Competition Authority .
"Microsoft also churned up its courtship 
The GeoSolutions team further provides an intriguing new technology combining GPS and Mobile-based technologies together with Internet-based social networking .
"The 3C Expo is a signature show in Dongguan 
Pharmaceuticals - Poland This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Poland .
"Trading in the new shares 
The dual-fuel engines of the vessel can operate on liquefied natural gas LNG with low emissions .
"- Among other Finnish shares traded in the US 
"In addition to the presentations held by President & CEO Kai Telanne and CFO Tuomas Itkonen 
"The change in holdings in accordance with Chapter 2 
"With CapMan as a partner 
The cranes would be installed onboard two freighters ordered by Singaporean ship owner Masterbulk .
The business to be divested generates consolidated net sales of EUR 60 million annually and currently has some 640 employees .
"ADPnews - Feb 5 
"The company 
"In addition 
@chessNwine: $IWM 30-Minute Chart. Small caps threatening descending triangle breakdown under $110.20.  http://stks.co/r0KKm
CORPORATE IT UPDATE - ( C ) 1995-2009 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTD Finnish technology group Teleste Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : TLT1V ) reported on Wednesday ( 4 February ) an operating profit of EUR5 .6 m on net sales of EUR108 .7 m for the year 2008 .
"Stockholm-based Nordea Bank ( STO : NDA ) said yesterday it had hired Casper von Koskull to lead its corporate merchant banking and capital markets unit 
The total need for staff cuts corresponds to about 300 man-years .
Finnish fibers and plastic products maker Suominen Corporation said its net loss narrowed to 1.6 mln euro $ 2.0 mln in the first nine months of 2006 from 2.16 mln euro $ 2.7 mln in the same period of 2005 .
CompaniesFresnillo shares jump 8% as silver price breaks $21
Bluewin Security is available as a monthly subscription .
"Operating profit was EUR 11.4 mn 
Finnish Raisio ( Diagnostics ) is launching new DNA-based quick tests to ensure the safety of food .
The non-recurring costs caused to Talentum 's Premedia business area by the restructuring will amount to 2.0 mln euro $ 2.7 mln and will be included in the company 's financial results for the second quarter of 2007 .
"Finnish software developer Basware Oyj said on November 30 
The chain is to unite 45-50 centres by the end of 2008 .
"The important thing now is to keep the bank 's existing 15
The prices of stainless steel also rose in Europe .
"In Sweden 
$ISRG - ISRG Short - http://stks.co/f1vVU http://stks.co/c1qrm
$DARA breaking out
"A total of 38
$AAPL I'm sure those short are holding their breath hoping for a miracle. lol
`` Management decided at the end of 2005 to increase cathode copper capacity .
Image data produced by the browser at the phone server is converted into a bitmapped image that is sent to the handset for display . ''
Shire says internal synergy goals from Baxalta deal higher
One of the largest projects of the magazine division of SanomaWSOY - Sanoma Magazines International in 2006 became launch of the Russian magazine Gloriya .
Finnish airline Finnair is starting the temporary layoffs of cabin crews in February 2010 .
The sellers were the founders of the company .
"Foodservice and consumer goods markets are served by approximately 13
"The acquisition does not have to be from the frozen foods or fish sector 
$GNRC finding support at its 10-day line so far.
"Under the transaction agreement 
"Britain's FTSE falls back with Ashtead
Sales by Seppala diminished by 6 per cent .
$BBRY bye bye Sammy. Hello BB. Sounds like we'll see some green tomorrow.
"As capacity was cut with 1.4 % 
"Rockwell Collins is a provider of flight deck 
"The floor area of the Yliopistonrinne project will be 7
$NFLX VISION : short term consolidation then movement higher http://stks.co/j05uu
"Theodosopoulos said Tellabs could be of value to Nokia Siemens or Nortel given its `` leading supply status '' with Verizon 
"In his current position 
With the new production plant the company would increase its capacity to meet the expected increase in demand and would improve the use of raw materials and therefore increase the production profitability .
Analyst Views: Astrazeneca shares have seen recent volatility; what will 2015 ...
Earnings per share ( EPS ) dropped to EUR 0.21 from EUR 0.31 .
"`` After the transaction 
"Are ARM Holdings plc
"Pearl Plaza LLC 
The measures result from decreased demand in technical design and product information .
"Finnish financial group Aktia reports operating profit of EUR 44.4 mn in January-September 2009 
"Key price to watch in $NFLX
Finnish glass technology company Glaston Oyj Abp net profit decreased to 2.6 mln euro ( $ 3.8 mln ) for the first nine months of 2007 from 7.8 mln euro ( $ 11.4 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
City spirits sink after Diageo comes up short with sales slide
Operating loss increased to EUR 17mn from a loss of EUR 10.8 mn in 2005 .
"ALEXANDRIA 
Olvi has posted a strong set of figures for the first six months of this year .
StanChart and RBS struggle in Bank of England stress tests
"In the beginning of this year 
"In January-November 2009 
"GlaxoSmithKline targets growth across units
BHP Billiton share price: Brazil to sue Samarco for Â£3.5bn
"It comes complete with an LCD touch screen system for selection of your chosen function and prices start at around the pounds 4
Revenue in the quarter fell 8 percent to ( EURO ) 2.4 billion compared to a year earlier .
"After the split 
"A. Le Coq Special was developed for the bicentenary of the company and the trade mark 
ArcelorMittal Chief Executive Officer Lakshmi Mittal has already cut output at some furnaces .
Operating profit fell to EUR 15.1 mn from EUR 24.6 mn in 2006 .
The bridge is part of the highway 14 development project .
"Kesko Agro Lietuva 
"( ADPnews ) - Dec 1 
Metso Foundries Jyvaskyla Oy will discontinue production on this line by 30 September 2008 .
The sale price was not disclosed .
"HELSINKI ( AFX ) - Retail and wholesale group Kesko reported net sales of 659.4 mln eur for February 
"In February 2011 
"Antti Orkola 
You 're not alone .
"2009 3 February 2010 - Finland-based steel maker Rautaruukki Oyj ( HEL : RTRKS ) 
"The sale of Savcor FACE to Cencorp will result in a profit or loss which can not yet be determined 
The acquisition of +àlandsbanken Sverige in 2009 burdened the performance with EUR 3.0 mn .
It is the first application in the market for invoice and purchase requisition approval with a mobile device .
"A Helsinki : ELIiV today reported EPS of EUR1 .13 for 2009 
EasyJet Dismisses Lufthansa Low-Cost Plan in Contest for Germany
Orders received grew by 55 % year-on-year to EUR732m .
"In January-August 2009 
"Finnish broadband data communication systems provider Teleste Oyj HEL : TLT1V said yesterday it returned to a net profit of EUR 2.7 million USD 3.8 m for the first nine months of 2010 versus a net loss of EUR 579
"ADPnews - Dec 23 
"Finnish-owned contract manufacturer of electronics Elcoteq Hungary Kft has announced plans to recruit more than 650 new staffers to fulfill new orders in P+®cs 
"At 12.59 pm 
"Nyrstar has also agreed to supply to Talvivaara up to 150
23 April 2010 - Finnish construction and engineering company Outotec Oyj HEL : OTE1V said today it slipped to a net loss of EUR7 .3 m in the first quarter of 2010 from a net profit of EUR12 .5 m in the corresponding period last year .
"Revenue was slightly down 
"RT @Dasan @TMTanalyst ...since $AAPL mastered their supply chain // in cornering NAND
Poyry 's net sales in 2007 amounted to about EUR 720 million and it employs 7400 experts .
The adjustments concern staff in both the Specialty Papers and the Fiber Composites segments .
"According to the notification 
"#Apple breaks major support
Royal Mail chairman Donald Brydon set to step down
It also confirmed its earnings guidance for the whole 2009 issued in its report for the whole 2008 .
Their offering also covers localisation services related to production transfer to the Finnish company 's customers that already have production in Asian market or have made the decision to transfer production there .
"DBS
The fair value of investment properties was EUR 2 251.0 ( 1 281.4 ) million .
"CompaniesTravis Perkins lifts dividend
"Okmetic 's products are based on high-tech expertise that generates added value for customers 
"Comparable operating profit totaled EUR 4.7 mn 
"The equipment is designated to Bollore Africa Logistics terminal Societe d'Exploitation du Terminal de Vridi SETV in Abidjan 
"Teleste 's hybrid TV solution includes components for the whole process of delivering video services to consumers from content acquisition and service creation to delivery through a range of access solutions 
"In 2006 the company 's net sales amounted to approximately EUR259m and it has some 8
New Novator products are supposed to be exported .
Elcoteq has a global network of After Market Service sites which have a long experience in serving Consumer Electronics and Systems Solutions customers .
Finnish component supplier Componenta Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : CTH1V ) reported on Tuesday ( 15 July ) an operating profit of EUR46 .2 m on net sales of EUR386 .0 m for the financial period January-June 2008 .
$SAVE breaking it's downtrend line on increasing volume. A move above 20.57 could see more upside. http://stks.co/l8y4
"The official opening of the office 
Apple: Another attempt to break out on Apple but with weak PVT   $AAPL #Trading #investing #aapl https://t.co/DNh7Hgv22V
It also turned to earnings per share ( EPS ) of EUR 0.08 versus loss per share of EUR 0.04 .
Completion of the transaction is subject to a final agreement and a Due Diligence process .
Morrisons finance chief to fill gap as CEO leaves early
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to EUR0 .98 
Tiimari operates 194 stores in six countries -- including its core Finnish market -- and generated a turnover of 76.5 mln eur in 2005 .
"Changes being announced today will be effective after the close of trading on Friday 
"According to Chairman Michael Hornborg 
BAE Systems's sales boosted by European Typhoon and currencies
"Honkarakenne also decided yesterday to sell 88
To raise consumer awareness and encourage people to recycle their old mobile devices Nokia runs regular recycling campaigns around the world .
"In the Baltics 
"Tieto was looking for an energy solution which would best support the idea of sustainable development 
Expense ratio was 102.6 % compared to 92.9 % in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"STOCKMANN plc COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT February 20 
"@HopeTurock yes
$AAPL Dips being bought up real quick. Higher lows fo sho
Operating profit for continuing operations fell to EUR 48.3 mn from EUR 72.4 mn in the first half of 2007 .
"BasWare 's CEO Ilkka Sihvo comments in conjunction with the Interim Report : `` As a whole 
"s NASDAQ OMX : GEO1V 
"`` I 'm trying to deal with slavery from a different perspective to balance the story 
"Compared with the FTSE 100 index 
Why Alphabet Inc was just upgraded to buy https://t.co/dEVnLKhqtZ $GOOGL
All of Raisio 's divisions recorded an operating profit .
The announcement comes two weeks before a key licensing agreement expires between between the two companies which are embroiled in a disagreement over royalty payments for Texas Instrument chips which use Qualcomm-patented technology .
"The share capital of Alma Media Corporation (business ID 1944757-4)is EUR 45
The forecast for 2012 is 3.3 % .
The hull of the vessel was built one block at a time and Ruukki delivered the plate material for each block as construction progressed .
Operating profit was EUR 1.6 mn in 2005 compared to EUR 5.9 mn in 2004 .
"The reason for this is St. Petersburg status as a capital 
Upon completion of the sale Proha would get some USD12 .7 m for its stake in Artemis .
"Buffett's Berkshire builds Deere stake
Last year 's net sales rose to EUR 68.3 million from EUR 62.2 million .
"Earnings per share for the quarter were also higher year-on-year at 0.33 eur versus 0.27 
Finnish Talvivaara Mining Co HEL : TLV1V said Thursday it had picked BofA Merrill Lynch and JPMorgan NYSE : JPM as joint bookrunners of its planned issue of convertible notes worth up to EUR250m USD332m .
$MXWL Oh snap. Just went long again. LT
Operating profit decreased to EUR 11.2 mn from EUR 16.6 mn .
"Panostaja 
"The corresponding increase in the share capital 
"CapMan Plc Press Release 31 March 2008 Jukka Ruuska 
The dismissed staff members will now take the matter to court unless it can be settled outside .
"According to Finnish petrol station chain St1 's managing director Kim Wiio 
`` We know there are some of our own people out there . ''
"The metal has gained 41 percent this year as demand from China 
This is a much better process than using virgin paper as it requires less transportation of wood pulp from places like Finland and Canada .
"Revenue was slightly down 
Followed the levels I shared with you on $NFLX $GOOGL $TSLA calls for nice gains. Still holding $FB 110 calls. Week made in a morning.
The company will enhance the GPRS capability in the existing 12 IDEA telecom service areas and add 10 more service areas to its network .
"With the new arrangement 
"The sale will result in a capital loss of EUR5m for Solidium 
"The study evaluated the safety 
"Following the registration 
"In the second quarter of 2010 
"The Finland-based company says it will move into an existing 260
"The company is now withdrawing the second part 
"Finnish printed circuit boards ( PCBs ) maker Aspocomp Group Oyj said on December 4 
Here come the shorts marchin' in.  $GMCR.  Lovin' it!
Grapevine city officials in September approved $ 35 million in tax rebates and grants for the expansion .
Sponda plans to renovate old real estate and develop new property .
From Merisatama to the far corners of the world Asfaltti Osakeyhti+Â Lemmink+ñinen was established in 1910 by a group of master builders in Helsinki as a specialist business and subcontractor .
"AUSTIN 
The transaction value is CAD 15 million approximately EUR 10 million .
"With the extension of the new contract for a further eight engines 
Stora Enso will receive a 19.9 pct equity interest in the combined company .
"Beef imports fell slightly from 2006 
"We serve a broad range of customers 
"$KNDI Let's see some higher highs and higher lows rest of the day 
"Finnish electronics manufacturing services EMS company Elcoteq SE posted a net loss of 66.4 mln euro $ 91.2 mln for the first half of 2007 
"Then 
No financial details were reported .
Balfour Beatty plc Set To Reinstate Dividend (And Rival National Grid plc And Centrica PLC Once More?)
"Viking Line 's cargo revenue increased by 5.4 % to EUR 21.46 mn 
Finnish power company Fortum reports 89 % of its electricity was generated without carbon dioxide emissions in 2007 .
"Cargotec Corporation 
"`` The change will optimize the operational efficiencies of our growing business 
"Helsinki 19 May 2010 - Finnish company Lemminkainen Oyj ( HEL : LEM1S ) said today that it will construct an office building at Toolonlahti in downtown Helsinki 
`` The additional flight linking Mumbai with Helsinki was dictated by the strong traffic demand between Asia and Europe .
"The Whitehall Street Real Estate Funds invest in real estate and real estate related assets 
"HELSINKI ( Thomson Financial ) - M-real said it will exercise an option to buy a 50MW natural gas power plant and land in Kyroskoski 
Incap Contract Manufacturing Services Private Limited has inked agreements with six new customers in India .
Glencore fight back over debt fears lifts shares
$FB slight green... May be runner later
Teleste has some 30 offices worldwide and is listed on the Nordic Exchange in Helsinki .
"Alma Media 's operating profit amounted to EUR 11.9 mn 
"With this 
Suomen Paikallissanomat Oy is part of Alma Media Group and it currently publishes 15 local newspapers across Finland .
The company negotiated an amendment to the financial covenants of the present credit agreements in regard to the situation on 30 September 2010 .
"Paychex has more than 100 offices serving approximately 554
Net sales have been eaten by the weak US dollar .
"( ADPnews ) - Dec 30 
Finnish forest machinery manufacturer Ponsse has issued a profit warning .
Filmiteollisuus Fine Ab will be transferred to Talentum Oyj in the form of a subsidiary .
Olli-Pekka Laine has been appointed as the Chairman and Erkki Pehu-Lehtonen as the Vice Chairman of the Board .
Affecto has participated in the program for the development of the Norwegian pension system since 2007 .
It estimates the operating profit to further improve from the third quarter .
"Proha Plc ( Euronext :7327 ) announced today ( 19 May ) that its fully-owned subsidiary 
Tesco sales recover as focus returns to core business
"However 
The production is to be liquidated before June 2009 and 325 employees loose their jobs .
Danske Bank is Denmark 's largest bank with 3.5 million customers .
"Protalix closed at $ 10.71 on Friday on the American Stock Exchange 
Net sales decreased to EUR 91.6 mn from EUR 109mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"The most interesting export markets will be Russia 
The actions are expected to deliver annual cost savings of some EUR15-20m .
"Nordea Bank AB publ holds 6.000 Alma Media shares 
Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) Has Broken Out To A New High On AstraZeneca Collaboration
"The chilled meat products category led the meat 
"- The Group -¦ s cumulative sales during the review period were EUR 48.2 million EUR 53.1 million 
Aldata to Share Space Optimization Vision at Apollo User Group and 2009 Category Management Association Conferences ; Company Will Unveil New Solution that Combines Business Intelligence with Space Planning Data at Conferences
Net sales of the Lehdentekijat unit was approximately EUR 14 million in 2007 and it had 70 employees .
$LSCC Accumulation chart continues to make new highs showing accumulation continuing to take place http://stks.co/aDpO
"The business area has operations in Finland 
Sports equipment sales also progressed well owing to the prolonged winter season .
"Also 
"It is the last smartphone running Maemo 5 
pretty steady accumulation off support today.  Purdy. $AGU
`` Serving customers locally is one of the cornerstones of customer focus for us .
"`` We cut our frequency to New York last year 
"$HSC Receives 7-Year
Operating result including non-recurring items rose to EUR 146mn from a loss of EUR 267mn in 2009 .
"Both operating profit and net sales for the three-month period increased 
Around 250 of these reductions will be implemented through pension arrangements .
Sainsbury's says to outperform rivals in tough market
Finnish Outokumpu Technology has been awarded several new grinding technology contracts .
Starbucks' Digital Strategy To Drive Significant Growth With Customer Loyalty $SBUX https://t.co/Xk6lZ3UI3K
Margin call of Zanadvorov has given the chance to make such purchase under the credit of Deutsche Bank for USD 560 million .
The soapstone deposits in the Medvezhyegorsk area are expected to increase Tulikivi 's current reserves considerably .
"He answers questions on how many visitors Conversations gets 
Hargreaves Lansdown share price falls as costs mount - although pensions ...
"PRESS: Serco Set To Appoint Roy Gardner
InterContinental Hotels Denies Reports of Starwood Merger Talks
Commencing the construction works of Pearl Plaza is a significant step in our Russian projects .
"With this acquisition the wireless modem unit and its approximately 1
`` The announced investment of the carmaker Hyundai for example sounds optimistically for us as of course new cars mean new tires . ''
"According to ACNielsen 's ScanTrack study for the period week 10 of 2005 to week 9 of 2006 
$YMI http://stks.co/Xyf Long setup. Closed above the 20MA. MACD cross. November catalyst.
"UPDATE 3-BP settles oil spill-related claims with Halliburton
"The contracts awarded to date 
"Because expenditures must be justified to pass budget approval hurdles 
The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA to Acquire AdeS Soy-Based Beverage Business From Unilever
"We are honored to be acknowledged for our commitment to the industry 
"An  of the invention 
"In the Baltic countries 
"However 
"The mill 's raw material need will increase by 100
"Outotec 
"The one dark spot on the horizon 
Current holdings via options - Long: $AAPL $V $GS $AET & Short: $VXX
"The process 
$PCLN runs into the 50sma on the acquisition news
"Vaahto Pulp & Paper 
Nokia was up 0.12 pct to 16.70 eur after kicking off the morning in negative territory .
$TZA is a rocket ship!!!
"Finnish IT solutions provider Affecto Oyj said today that it has won a frame contract 
Industry Investment is very interested in Glaston 's solar energy projects .
The winner does not have to be present to win .
Scanfil will execute the temporary lay-offs by mid-October 2009 and the job cuts by March 2010 .
"Furthermore 
Finnish-Swedish TietoEnator is expanding its business quickly in Russia .
It is estimated that the consolidated turnover of Kausta Guder will reach Lt 53mn US$ 22.53 mn EUR 15.35 mn in 2007 .
Added more $BBBY @jimcramer is wrong about this one. Still a very profitable merchant with profitable stores
"Rinkuskiai 's beer sales fell by 6.5 per cent to 4.16 million litres 
"INTERNET BUSINESS NEWS - -® 1995-2006 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTD As part of a drive to protect users of its Internet banking service 
Halonen 's office acknowledged receiving the letter but declined comment .
"Boomeranger Boats Oy specialises in boat building and designs 
The fair value of the company 's investment properties grew to EUR 2.803 billion at the end of March 2009 from EUR 2.691 million a year ago .
"`` We reached agreement with the union that flights will continue as normal 
$OSUR up 33% since 6/25 buy signal. resistance 5.33 - expect 1. pullback 2nd half of day or 2. break abov 5.33 & continue rally for 4-5 days
"The company had net sales of EUR 10.8 million in 2008 
"The broker highlights Cargotec as its preferred stock in the sector 
The combined capital of these funds is expected to be EUR 100mn-150mn .
"The total headcount reduction will be 50 persons 
The aim is to develop open-source application solutions .
The net sales of the whole fiscal year 2008 will be lower than in 2007 and operating profit is estimated to be negative .
"The contract consists of a new building with an area of 18
Retailers Kingfisher and Sports Direct rise in Britain's share index
Persimmon share price climbs on 23% rise in full-year revenue
"To check them out or to make a bid they will be in the Deka Showroom 
"The new facility 
Tesco's Sales Pickup Isn't Enough
$TRIP maintains Neutral rating at JP Morgan- PT cut $61 from $66
"The poorest index figure was given to Finnish power company Fortum 
The extracted filtrates are very high in clarity while the dried filter cakes meet required transport moisture limits (TMLs)for their ore grades .
"` This order is included in Wartsila 's order book in the second quarter 
The company also said that the deployment of the Danish 4G network continues and it expects to cover 75 % of the Danish population in 2011 .
"The disposal of Autotank will also strengthen Aspo 's capital structure 
"Micron Technology Inc #NASDAQ: $MU down 2.3% today and down 8.9% since being put on ""The Short"" https://t.co/EQQLTfUiOU"
Finnish laboratory liquid handling and diagnostic test systems developer Biohit Oyj OMX Helsinki : BIOBV issued on Tuesday 3 June a profit warning for the financial year 2008 .
"`` I 'm pleased to receive the Nomination Committee 's request and confidence 
"$AAPL Stock Climbs as Barron's Sees 40% Upside
"The company also said on November 16 
"In the third quarter 
ITV to pursue takeover of Canada's Entertainment One: Bloomberg
"Cramo is a service company specialising in construction machinery and equipment rental and rental-related services 
"Depending on the market situation 
AstraZeneca weighing up Acerta bid to secure blood cancer drug
$HRL ready to pop! http://stks.co/s0Ny4
News FeedFTSE 100 movers: LSE surges as ICE says mulling offer; Ashtead and Barclays tank
Elcoteq SE is Europe 's largest contract electronics maker and has set up a unit in Bangalore in association with Avista Advisory of Mumbai .
"Sales VAT inclusive expanded by 19 percent 
Operating profit increased by 145.1 % to EUR 8.3 mn from EUR 3.4 mn .
"ALEXANDRIA 
Country : ; Germany Sector : Construction-Real Estate ; Machinery-Engineering Target : Caverion GmbH Buyer : YIT Oyj Deal size in USD : 90.3 m Type : Corporate acquisition Status : Agreed
$AMRN It's accumulating. I think buy now or hold your peace. This should go up today/tomorrow.
Operating profit rose to EUR 3.11 mn from EUR 1.22 mn in the corresponding period in 2009 .
Last year SysOpen Digia invested in IBM product know-how in the building of portal and trading place systems and successfully implemented customer solutions supported by it .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 4 
An earn-out payment of up to 4.0 mln euro ( $ 5.3 mln ) can also be paid depending on Intellibis financial performance in 2007 .
"The currency effect had a 3.0 pct 
"Only L+ñnnen Tehtaat showed a loss 
18:30 Dinner The conference program can also be viewed as a live audio webcast through the internet pages at www.citycon.com .
Operating profit margin increased from 11.2 % to 11.7 % .
"Operating profit totalled EUR 1.22 mn 
"Founded in 1985 
"$RUSS Don't catch falling knives
"The company 's profit before taxes fell to EUR 21.1 mn in the third quarter of 2008 
"Russian officials inspected the damage and gave the vessel permission to continue to Tallinn at around 4.30 a.m. The Norwegian-registered M-T Sten Nordic was carrying 11
The maritime administration said the ships had ignored warnings about the icy conditions .
"$WFM Bought a little yesterday
"The German company has also signed a code share agreement with another Oneworld member -- American Airlines Inc 
Odell has not contacted the State of Finland in this issue .
Borealis Infrastructure putting together new Severn Trent bid
"This order 
"Cooper SH 
"Under a preliminary estimation 
The company plans to spend the proceeds from the rights offering for strengthening its balance sheet .
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) in the first half of 2007 amounted to EUR0 .29 
"$RXII Tang really is toxic
"The selling consortium includes funds managed by OKO Bank 's venture capital unit 
"Amer Sports divests an industrial site in Rumilly 
"Metsa-Botnia will finance the payment of dividends 
"RT FITZSTOCK2004: $IYT http://stks.co/1NBF the Transports always lead  the way
"EBIT excluding non-recurring items 
The diesel margin has remained high .
Operating loss totaled EUR 0.3 mn compared to a profit of EUR 2.2 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"FTSE rallies off three-month low
"The growth in the activeness of Talentum 's customers 
The maximum number of new shares to be offered is 22 million .
"Marimekko makes all sorts of colorful little impulse buys `` umbrellas 
"Finnish management software solutions provider Ixonos Oyj net profit decreased to 369
"The sale 
"The guidance has been set at 90 basis points over mid-swaps 
"Finnish drug distributor and wholesaler Oriola-KD Oyj said on October 11 
"It's a bad idea to make 5 min predictions based on faith: RT @dandyduct $AAPL Sell signal hit at 584
The contracts comprise turnkey orders for RoRo systems for two RoRo-cruise vessels under construction for Viking Line and Tallink .
"$ENDP exit reversal .11 X 3K shares = $330 - now Long - not getting follow through
ITV share price jumps on report of Comcast's NBCUniversal bidding to takeover ...
"ASPO Plc STOCK EXCHANGE ANNOUNCEMENT May 4 
The four-year contract between the bank and Ski Sport Finland will bring the bank 's advertisements to skiers helmets and caps .
"According to Finnish Scanfil 's founder and chairman of the board 
"When new types of network elements are added to the network 
"In the video above Marimekko 's design manager 
We have made long-term investments in developing the system 's implementation model .
"Comptel 
$AAPL I am big OUT from this. seems its falling towards 530.. :(
"The NTSB said investigators are set to conduct sight distance tests on July 18 
Finnish sports equipment maker Amer Sports Oyj ( HEL : AMEAS ) said today that its net loss narrowed to EUR 16.9 million ( USD 22.3 m ) in the second quarter of 2010 from EUR 23.2 million in the corresponding period a year earlier .
"Return on investment was 5.0 % 
"Outotec 's scope of delivery includes design 
The contract will take effect in 2009 for a five or ten year period .
"Simultaneously 
Peer Peugeot fell 0.81 pct as its sales rose only 6.3 pct from the same period last year .
Three students from Universiti Sains Malaysia have won a study trip to Helsinki .
"Finnish property investment company Citycon will expand and refurbish +àkersberga shopping center in Stockholm 
5 Best Analyst Rated Stocks in Last 72hrs: $ORCL $AAPL $CBS $INO $CPXX View all ratings here: https://t.co/IRID6zd5gc
"UPDATE: Persimmon Profit Up Strongly
Total two offers were received by Contracting Authority for participating in this contract ; however the contract was allotted to Affecto Finland Oy .
"While I cant understand what theyre saying 
"RPT-Old Mutual Q1 gross sales beat forecasts
The Bank is also examining the benefits of transferring the Swedish business to operate as a branch office so that the operations would be governed by Finland 's laws .
"Motorola Inc. of the United States came second with shipments of 217.4 million units for a 21.3 percent market share 
"The maximum amount of the capital loan will be EUR30m and the minimum subscription -- EUR10 
"( ADPnews ) - Feb 3 
"@sharkbiotech If anyone is selling/shorting $AGN b/c you believe $ENDP rumors to be realistic
The company is listed on the Nordic Exchange in Helsinki .
$PYPL great vol flow trade here.. Love this company long time.
$V A potential bearish shark pattern if point B $226 to be taken out. http://stks.co/i0GGH
"Both operating profit and turnover for the nine-month period increased 
"The order comprises four ball mills 
"Alma Media Corporation PRESS RELEASE March 25 
Productional situation has now improved .
"SSH Communications Security Corporation is headquartered in Helsinki 
"For the full 2010 the company expects its net sales and operating result to improve from the previous year 
"Operating margin 
Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj net profit rose to 26.1 mln euro ( $ 35.9 mln ) for the first quarter of 2007 from 5.3 mln euro ( $ 7.3 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
"So as of today's close (8/15/14)
"The acquired business main asset is a mobile authentication and signing solution 
"The report examines the medical equipment business structure and operations 
"ADPnews - Aug 3 
The new technology improves the glass quality and consistency while increasing throughput .
LONDON MarketWatch -- Nokia nok said it 's won a five-year services contract to run Hutchison Essar 's network operations in nine locations in India .
"@SOULLOR the regular scrappy Q $SWY usually presents. Sales weak
"Operating profit margin was 8.3 % 
"Consolidated net sales increased 16 % to reach EUR74 .8 m 
Finnish forest machinery manufacturer Ponsse has issued a profit warning .
"`` The enterprise value of the Fray Bentos pulp mill and Forestal Oriental totals approximately euro1 .6 billion 
Rental of building equipment accounted for 88 percent of the operating income .
The measures result from weak demand in the shipbuilding industry .
"May 29 
"In addition to the demand in Finland 
The current reference grade instruments are challenging to operate due to their high price and complexity for routine use .
`` They 've already allocated money for the inventory .
"A total of 131000 Talvivaara Mining Company Plc 's new shares were subscribed for during the period between May 1 
EUR/USD Finding Support Near 1.10 Level $ERO $UUP $UDN $FXE  http://stks.co/b29eU
The annual value of the contracts is estimated at USD 2mn over the next three years .
"In addition 
"The company said that the operations will be sold to a newly established company 
Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj net profit went slightly down to 25.1 mln euro ( $ 40.2 mln ) for the first half of 2008 from 25.4 mln euro ( $ 40.7 mln ) for the same period of 2007 .
MarketsBP promotes upstream boss to deputy CEO
"Britain's FTSE bounces back
"Loudeye Corp. 
"Ragutis 
Finnair said that the cancellation of flights would cause daily losses of  x20ac 2.5 million US$ 3 million .
The energy sector accounted for approximately 33 % and the steel industry for about 57 % of the transportation volume .
"The 5
"The Australian company Mirabela Nickel has awarded Outokumpu Technology a contract for grinding technology for its nickel sulfide project in Bahia State 
"Standard Chartered
"Operating profits in the half were  0.8 m 
The expansion is to be finalized in the autumn of 2009 .
"Finnish Konecranes is again trying to acquire Italian Fantuzzi 
"1 p.m. Central office of Nordea Bank 19 3-ya ulitsa Yamskogo Polya 
"( ADPnews ) - Feb 3 
The company expects its net sales in 2008 to increase 5-10 % from 2007 .
"About 72 % of Evraz Group shares are owned by Lanebrook 
"`` The margarine business has been put into good shape in the last two years 
"The most loyal customers were found in the Bank of +àland 
Tesco breaks its downward slide by cutting sales decline in half
Eriikka S+Âderstr+Âm has previously held several positions in finance and control at Nokia Networks including acting as the Business Group Controller and having the corporate controller position at Nokia Siemens Networks .
No pricing details were disclosed .
long $AAPL
Salonen added that data shows producers ' pulp inventories in North America are declining . '
"Finnish IT consultancy Satama Interactive Oyj posted a net profit of 1.4 mln euro $ 2.0 mln for the first nine months of 2007 
"Consisting of seven interconnected units 
Tesco PLC's Recovery Continues With A Â£250m Cash Infusion
"Kesko has about 2
Is Trouble Brewing At Legal & General Group Plc And Aviva plc?
"Helsinki-based Componenta bought Turkish listed company Doktas in October 2006 for 89 million euros 
The ECB can mainly target inflation .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 3.8 mn 
The group said it intends to initiate within this year the process of buyout of minority shareholders of Ragutis with the aim of becoming the sole owner of the company .
"Initially 
"The contract incorporates a Convergent Charging rating solution for voice and data 
AstraZeneca's Lung Cancer Drug Tagrisso Gets FDA Approval
"Our customers include companies in the energy and process industry sectors 
Europe however remains an important and strong market for us .
Morrisons and Debenhams surprise City with Christmas bounce back
The ongoing project where Tekla Structures is being used is the Vashi Exhibition Centre being developed by Insteel Engineers Pvt Ltd-IIVRCL Infrastructures & Projects Ltd & CIDCO .
"Talentum expects that the net sales of its core business will increase in 2008 
"Operating profits in the half were  0.8 m 
Its total annual revenue comes up to about 160 mln zloty ( $ 56.9 mln-42 .3 mln euro ) .
"The corresponding increase in the share capital 
"Group EBIT for the first half was EUR13 .6 m US$ 17.8 m 
Relations with the City have been further damaged by comments from Mr Ashley criticising City investors and analysts as `` cry babies '' .
"The engine has an electrical output of 18
Pretax profit totaled EUR 4.9 mn compared to EUR 5.2 mn in the first quarter of 2005 .
"Most recently 
"Addus ' services include personal care and assistance with activities of daily living 
TripAdvisor jumps on M&A rumors https://t.co/O4lwCDXMbr $TRIP
Finnish Civil Aviation Administration decided to temporarily reopen Finnish capital 's Helsinki airport since 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. Monday local time .
"Reporting in accordance with the merged business operations will start as of January 1 
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) for the first quarter 2007 amounted to EUR0 .07 
Finnlines estimated in its annual general meeting that 2008 will be financially a tough year due to large investments .
"Meanwhile 
"External net sales from the printing business fell by 43.7 % 
"Operating profit was EUR 9.8 mn 
Word on the street is that Allergen is looking at Endo International after the failed Pfizer merger. May-20 $35 calls active. $ENDP
"FBR Capital reiterated ""Outperform"" rating on $BRCM with a price target of $45.00 on Friday."
"METALS-Zinc surges 12 pct after Glencore cuts output
Profit for the period fell to EUR 1.6 mn from EUR 7.5 mn in January-September 2008 .
Is It Worth Investing In Tesco PLC And Prudential plc Now?
in Finland Finnish pharmaceutical company Orion Corporation OMX Helsinki : ORNAV said on Wednesday 7 January that it has concluded its personnel negotiations in Finland and will reduce the number of personnel by 205 .
"Finnish retailer Stockmann has won approval from the board of Swedish rival Lindex for a public tender offer with the aim of expanding the companies ' presence in Russia and other CEE countries 
"In a release 
Niklas Skogster has been employed by the ABB Group in various positions concerning the development of operations .
"Operating profit 
"Finnish Metso Paper has been awarded a contract for the rebuild of Sabah Forest Industries ' ( SFI ) pulp mill in Sabah 
Ruukki forecast a 15-20 % annual sales growth and a positive pretax result for 2010 .
The price of GMO soy is 5 % -7 % lower than that of non-GMO .
"Finland 's Nokian Tyres and Kazakhstan 's Ordabasy Corporation signed an agreement to build a plant in Astana to produce car tires 
"With sales of $ 12.7 billion over the last twelve months ending October 
GET MIDNIGHTTRADER IN REALTIME : This report is delayed .
Danish company FLSmidth has acknowledged that it has violated a patent held by Finnish Metso .
"The share issue 
Tielinja generated net sales of 7.5 mln euro $ 9.6 mln in 2005 .
"Karachi 
"`` Neste Oil is working with over 20 research communities in Europe 
"The new agreement 
It 's not .
"took some $ENDP long this am
"Despite sales growth
"In Finland 
"In Middle East & North Africa 
"Both operating profit and net sales for the six-month period increased 
"Insurer Axa ( PAR : CS ) slid by 5.35 % to EUR 14.15 
"The order values at EUR 6.9 mn 
Scanfil has also issued a profit warning .
"A spokesman said : `` The food store center 
The bond has a value of EUR150m and a maturity of 4 years .
MillerCoors Board Names Gavin Hattersley Interim CEO
Airbus will attempt to evacuate up to 873 people within 90 seconds .
First quarter underlying operating profit rose to 41 mln eur from 33 mln a year earlier .
"EPS for the quarter was EUR0 .00 
Royal Dutch Shell profit rises; dividend up 4%
"Meanwhile 
The agreement includes application maintenance and support services .
`` Nokia is just interested in bring Nokia to the market . ''
Affecto expects its net sales for the whole 2010 to increase from the 2009 level when they reached EUR 103 million .
"The report profiles 158 companies including many key and niche players including major Nonwovens manufacturers such as Ahlstrom Corporation 
The lay-offs will affect 240 people out of the total 320 Okmetic employees in Finland .
`` The acquisition of Elektros Pavara completes KONE 's market expansion strategy in the Baltic Countries .
"18 May 2010 - Finnish electronics producer Elcoteq SE HEL : ELQAV said today that it has signed an extensive cooperation agreement on industrialisation 
Morrisons book second consecutive quarter of sales growth
"Marimekko has today ( 20 November ) signed a license agreement with the Swedish chain 
"that was quick
"The announcement pushed Freenet shares down 6.3 % 
"Finnish telecoms software developer Tecnomen Oyj said on December 5 
CompaniesUnilever sales lifted by ice cream in soft economy
EPS dropped to EUR0 .2 from EUR0 .3 .
@saltwaternurse $INO can test 10 again in next few days. time to take some profits here. or hedge with puts.
No financial information was provided .
EasyJet attracts more passengers in June but still lags Ryanair
Morning Agenda: Shire's Deal for NPS
Metso will supply the equipment for two process lines at Northland Resources ' new Kaunisvaara iron ore project in Sweden which exploits Tapuli and Sahavaara iron ore deposits .
Under this agreement Biohit becomes a focus supplier of pipettors and disposable pipettor tips to VWR customers throughout Europe .
The company 's previous estimate was for a lower revenue than the year-ago EUR 93.9 million .
Earnings per share ( EPS ) dropped to EUR 0.21 from EUR 0.31 .
"Bids or offers include at least 1
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of to EUR0 .06 .
NetApp downgraded by Macquarie to underperform. $22.00 PT. https://t.co/XCNgws0t4q $NTAP #NTAP via @RatingsNetwork
`` Russia is ready to participate in an open tender for Lattelecom 's privatization .
"Technopolis and the St. Petersburg government signed a cooperation memorandum in October 2005 to set up a techno-park in the Neudorf production zone in the village of Strelny 
The owners who have participated in the business operations of the company will continue in Poyry 's employment after the transaction .
The goal is to secure the company 's profitability and competitiveness .
"However 
"Neste oil 's board proposed 1.00 eur dividend for the full-year 2007 
Basware Einvoices Oy will be merged into the parent company during the present fiscal period .
#Fintech provider $CAFN Cachet Financial Solutions Surging Forward today post earnings Up +13.26% https://t.co/9BJ3csk2i9 $JKHY $FISV #Momo
"Before Kemira 's installation NordAlu was producing 3
He is a Chartered Accountant in British Columbia and Alberta as well as a Certified Public Accountant in Washington State .
` Very recommendable ' is the Nokian Z G2 according to the ` ADAC judgement ' in the latest summer tyre test of the German automobile association ADAC .
- The Group -¦ s result before taxes was a loss of EUR 0.6 ( +0.6 ) million .
- Cash flow from operating activities before investments was EUR 0.8 -1.2 million .
Viking Line has canceled some services .
Exel is headquartered in Mantyharju in Finland .
Stora Chief Executive Jouko Karvinen has described the Russian tariff hikes as a threat to the future of the forest products industry in Finland .
"After Barclays and Bank of America
"Google
"$TSLA looking good..i'd love to see a basing action here
"Finnish plumbing and heating systems supplier Uponor 's net sales from continuing operations decreased by 9.4 % in 2008 to EUR 949.2 mn from EUR 1
"This location makes the mall a convenient place to shop for consumers from three large residential areas nearby : Jaroszowka 
Finnish insurance company Fennia and Kesko Group are ending their loyal customer cooperation .
"The casing comprises a first side casing member provided with the first side vat segment and a second side casing member provided with the second side vat segment 
"Finland-based Elcoteq SE 
"In Q1 of 2009 
RBS Pays $1.7 Billion to Scrap U.K. Treasury's Dividend Rights
Increased trust of our clients in YIT can be seen as apartment sales accelerated .
Talvivaara Mining Company Plc Talvivaara Mining Company is an internationally significant base metals producer with its primary focus on nickel and zinc using a technology known as bioheapleaching to extract metals out of ore .
Operating profit for 2009 lower than outlook published earlier .
Less than ten people will face pension agreements .
"The company 's consolidated operating profit amounted to EUR 15.86 mn 
AstraZeneca to Buy ZS Pharma for $2.7 Billion
Finnish waste management and cleaning group Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj ( L&T ) net profit went down to 32.2 mln euro ( $ 47.7 mln ) for 2007 from 35.3 mln euro ( $ 52.3 mln ) for 2006 .
The operating margin of Aker Yards Cruise & Ferries division went down from 8.3 % to 6.4 % in the first quarter of 2007 .
"HELSINKI Thomson Financial - Shares in Cargotec fell sharply in early afternoon trade after the cargo handling group posted a surprise drop in April-June profits 
The program 's target is structural cost reductions of about EUR 30mn in 2009 .
Our tools are specifically designed with the needs of both the business users and ICT experts in mind .
"Ahlstrom Corporation Seppo Parvi 
"Prior to the transaction 
$CTRP not a bad long chart now that it's through sma100 resistance.
A merger between UPM and Finnish-Swedish Stora Enso is not likely either .
$HYG Potential continuation Uptrend on a 60'-15'-4' charts http://stks.co/t1Qp6
Peroni and Grolsch put up for sale as AB InBev plans acquisition of SABMiller
"Operating profit for the nine-month period increased from EUR13 .6 m 
The beers differ slightly from mainstream beers .
Financial details were n't disclosed .
"Separately 
Finnish aluminium products manufacturer Nordic Aluminium Plc ( OMX Helsinki : NOA1V ) reported on Monday ( 18 August ) an operating profit of EUR7 .9 m on net sales of EUR55 .2 m for the period January-June 2008 .
"Temporary lay-offs 
"SOUTHFIELD 
Sales rose 10 pct to 566 mln eur on the back of strong volume and favourable currency effects .
Choose from a Giant Countdown with red head or rainbow trout -- or the Giant Shad Rap in perch color .
"Russian export duties will activate harvesting in Finland 
"Finnish electronics manufacturing services EMS company Elcoteq SE posted a net loss of 66.4 mln euro $ 91.2 mln for the first half of 2007 
"On preliminary estimate 
credit 20 November 2009 - Finnish glass technology company Glaston Oyj Abp ( HEL : GLA1V ) said today it concluded a EUR74m revolving credit facility agreement with its core banks .
End Of Day Scan: Bullish MA  Crossovers $BBVA $PDS $NTLS $NGL $SBRCY $FGL $MTNOY $TTT  www.dailystockplays.com
"TVO 's two-unit 1
"Turun kaupunkin 
Finnair 's total traffic decreased by 8.7 % in terms of revenue passenger kilometres .
Consolidated pretax profit decreased by 69.2 % to EUR 41.0 mn from EUR 133.1 mn in 2007 .
$GILD 91 now support. $IBB $BIB https://t.co/GIoOf6zbKv
He wore a black beanie-type cap and a black jacket .
Finnish developer and manufacturer of mobile phone chargers Salcomp Plc OMX Helsinki : SAL1V on Wednesday 19 November lowered its full-year net sales estimate .
"Basware Corporation stock exchange release August 31 
Deliveries will start in the second half of 2007 and the start-up of the mill is scheduled for 2008 .
Cash Flow from Operations for the most recent quarter also reached a eight year low .
"mn 
- Tikkurila inspires you to color your life .
$isrg trading at all-time high after strong earnings report with 4 days of short interest.
"In October 
Tesco shares jump 6% after Christmas sales beat expectations
The potential acquirer is Cencorp Corporation which is a related entity to SAV owing to each of SAV and Cencorp being a subsidiary of the Finnish Savcor Group Oy .
"YIT 's Baltic sales in the first three quarters of 2008 totaled 106.2 million euros 
Net loss in the same period in 2009 was euro18 .6 million .
"Also 
Aspo 's Group structure and business operations are developed persistently without any predefined schedules .
Loss for the period totalled EUR 15.6 mn compared to a profit of EUR 6.3 mn in 2008 .
Shell to buy BG Group in $69.7 billion takeover
$BBRY hearing rumours of a major joint venture announcement.
Philips was not available to comment on the report .
Sony Ericsson and Nokia dominated the list of best-selling handsets with five models each .
"` This is a repeat order to follow successfully installed 159 elevators in the same Delhi metro system 
"Operating profit of Kauppalehti group rose to EUR 1.5 mn from EUR 1.3 mn 
"The works will include the laying of natural stone pavements and the installation of underground heating 
"Profit after taxes was EUR 0.1 mn 
"Currently the Terminator lures are produced in a subcontract facility in Mexico but the manufacturing will be transferred to Rapala 's factory in Shenzhen 
"Changes in the market situation and tougher price competition have substantially reduced demand for bread packaging manufactured at the Kauhava plant 
"( ADP News ) - Feb 4 
"HELSINKI ( AFX ) - Shares closed higher 
Finnish navigation device manufacturer Benefon that is changing its name to GeoSentric reports net sales of about EUR 1.1 mn in the second quarter of 2007 .
A. Le Coq had a market share of 41.3 percent and rival beverage group Saku 32.1 percent .
"Particular attention is being paid to energy efficiency in the construction of the building 
Today the orange scissors are the iconic symbol of the excellent ergonomic design and superior quality associated with every product from Fiskars .
"At the close 
"Tallink claims the watertight doors of both Vana Tallinn and Regina Baltica 
This resulted in improved sales figures in Sweden .
The arrangements do not apply to the group 's units outside Finland .
Operating profit was EUR 1.6 mn in 2005 compared to EUR 5.9 mn in 2004 .
RBI surprises Street; Sensex pares gains after hitting mount 30k
"( ADP News ) - Sep 30 
"Tieto 's service is also used to send 
Finland-based Stockmann Group has closed seven franchising sports stores Nike in Russia .
"Whitbread Profit Up As Sales Continue To Rise
Aspocomp has repaid its interest bearing liability to Standard Chartered Bank and will use the rest of the consideration to partially repay its interest bearing liabilities in Finland and to improve its liquidity .
"Fastenal misses by $0.01
Finnish investment group Norvestia Oyj said its net profit fell to 23.5 mln euro $ 30.6 mln in 2006 from 33.5 mln euro $ 43.6 mln in 2005 .
"The commission found evidence of several meetings to discuss the cartel 
"As part of the reorganisation measures that will take place in spring 2006 
This corrensponds to 4.628 percent of Okmetic 's share capital and voting rights .
"Tim Cockroft brings with him an excellent track record having more than 18 years experience ; moreover 
25 November 2010 - Finnish paints and coatings company Tikkurila Oyj ( HEL : TIK1V ) said today that Finnish state-owned investment company Solidium Oy sold its 14.7 % stake in the company for a total of EUR98m .
Runway Visual Range is a calculated assessment of the distance that a pilot can see down a runway .
"ABN Amro Capital has agreed to sell its Helsinki-based designer homeware producer 
Feed companies Suomen Rehu and Raisio do no import GMO feed .
"Tecnomen 's solution can be used for prepaid and post-paid billing 
Performance is based on values and sustainability .
"Biohit said that it will reduce the number of leased personnel by 10 
$GEVO PLUNGING!  Back to $3.55.
"The company 's net profit rose 11.4 % on the year to 82.2 million euros in 2005 on sales of 686.5 million euros 
Earnings per share EPS amounted to EUR0 .01 .
"Ingenious
"A purchase agreement for 7
Short on $ATVI from 24.55.
$PKT Momentum building for breakout trigger ! Long setup http://stks.co/eXVU
The platform would continue to be the development framework for Symbian and MeeGo .
"19 May 2010 - Finnish company Lemminkainen Oyj ( HEL : LEM1S ) said today that it will construct an office building at Toolonlahti in downtown Helsinki 
"The final price will be specified by 14 May 2010 
"Nordea Pankki Suomi Oyj 
"Profit before taxes was EUR 4.0 mn 
They both will report to Oriola-KD 's chief executive officer Eero Hautaniemi .
"By cutting the number of plants 
"$SINA even though the ""report"" is untrue and has been proven unture
Merkel's Government Said to Support Deutsche Boerse-LSE Merger
`` Operating profit declined mainly due to the increased cost of wood and recycled fiber and the strengthened euro . ''
CompaniesTesco off to a bad start over Xmas â€“ Kantar
"Capacity of the facility made by Finland 's Vaahto Group is 86
17 March 2011 - Goldman Sachs estimates that there are negative prospects for the Norwegian mobile operations of Norway 's Telenor ASA OSL : TEL and Sweden 's TeliaSonera AB STO : TLSN in the short term .
"Steek 
President and CEO Mika Vehvil+ñinen says the positive signs are first and foremost emerging outside Finland .
Finnish construction group Lemmink+ñinen has been awarded two road building contracts by the Lithuanian transport administration .
"According to Eijkens 
Finnish silicon wafer technology company Okmetic Oyj OMX Helsinki : OKM1V said on Wednesday 17 September that it will invest EUR6m in its sensor wafer business during 2009 .
$RAD I would consider this opportunity to add my position because the company is on the right track they are still improving sales...
The low capacity utilisation rate in steel production considerably increases the fixed costs per unit of steel produced .
Work on the assignment has already started and is due for completion in spring 2011 .
"Progress Group 
Finnish Bank of +àland reports its operating profit fell to EUR 4.9 mn in the third quarter of 2007 from EUR 5.6 mn in the third quarter of 2006 .
"Finnish Kemira 's net sales EUR decreased to EUR 1
Financial terms were not disclosed .
The company may at any time have in its possession one tenth of all its shares at the maximum .
The value of the orders is about EUR 70mn .
"RECAP: $MSFT rumor this morning had them spinning off XBOX unit
"According to Finnish Metso Minerals 
"Therefore 
Breakingviews: IAG can pay more for Aer Lingus
"The pine oil project is related to the upgrade of the chemical recovery plant of UPM at its pulp mill in Kymi 
Standard Chartered Shifts Emerging-Markets Strategy After Losses
AB InBev to Sell SABMiller Stake in China's Snow Beer
"The Marubeni Group focuses on creating `` value chain '' from upstream to downstream 
"Based upon its unique fiber expertise and innovative approach 
The personnel s expertise and high level of technology play a major role in Exel Composites operations .
"Coca-Cola was the market leader of manufacturers with a market share of 36.9 % 
Metsa-Botnia will sell 82.1 % of its stake in the Uruguayan companies and Metsaliitto -- 5.5 % .
Aviva weighs cash handout after beating profit forecast
"Tesla to recall 2
Bovine slaughtering and cutting at the Kuopio facility will be transferred to the Kauhajoki slaughterhouse .
"`` Adjustment to the fall in price level 
"Okmetic has a global customer base and sales network 
Public services will also be available .
Asian traffic declined by 3.4 per cent .
Finnish and Swedish construction markets are still experiencing an estimated 4 % annual growth in 2008 .
Stock Exchange Release 10/3/2011 12:00 Sanoma has published its Annual Report and Financial Statements for 2010 and its first Corporate Responsibility Report .
"The company targets sales of Ls 27.1 mn ( Ls 23.498 mn ) and a profit of Ls 300
"After the takeover 
Ruukki is restructuring commercial and industrial construction operations in pursuit of permanent improvements whilst adjusting operations to market conditions .
"It projected revenue of $ 2.2 billion to $ 2.3 billion 
"The brokerage said 2006 has seen a ` true turning point ' in European steel base prices 
Operating profit in the fourth quarter fell to EUR33m from EUR39m a year earlier .
$JD down 20% in after-hour market. anyone care to explain why?
"Operating profit totalled EUR 83.0 mn 
BRIEF-Aviva aims to increase dividend pay-out ratio to 50 pct in 2017
$EXPE working on the second leg of its reversal run as it breaks another down trend and continues higher. https://t.co/76DSJysyR0
"GeoSentric is acquiring extra financing by issuing a maximum of 220
"$ADBE technical alerts: Expansion Breakout
$IWM same conditions that sent markets to tumble all hitting this week
$AAPL near a 3% drop thats a lot... now the best i can do is HOLD ER lol
Operating profit improved by 27 % to EUR 579.8 mn from EUR 457.2 mn in 2006 .
"On Dec. 1 
Shire proposes $30 bln all-share tie-up with Baxalta
"Last July 
Pohjola and cooperative banks have continued to combine their branch office network .
"Prothious Engineering ( www.prothious.com ) employs more than 1
"Qualcomm estimated a first-quarter profit between 46 and 50 cents a share 
"The liquidity providing was interrupted on May 11 
The subscription period of Amer Sports ' 2002 warrant scheme will end on 31 December 2007 .
This transaction will also rationalize our pulp and paper industry related solutions .
"schwalm ( at ) outotec.com Eila Paatela 
"I am looking forward to contribute to SRV 's success with my competence '' 
"In the fourth quarter of 2008 
AstraZeneca's MedImmune Inks Licensing Deal With Omnis Pharmaceuticals
"Order intake grew by 40 % year-on-year and 30 % year-on-year 
"During the strike 
"Currently 
The Oxyview Pulse Oximeter is a common device to check patient blood-oxygen saturation level and pulse rate .
"The Russian gas giant invested another 46 million litas in the company in late 2004 and now owns 99.5 percent of its stock capital 
"The company will use the money for product development and research activities through 2013 in its key markets Finland 
"Through its partnership with Finnish Paulig 's Danish subsidiary Oscar 
Finnish OKO bank has signed a cooperation agreement with Raiffeisen concerning Finnish companies ' investments in Russia .
Finnish bank Alandsbanken said Monday it will buy the Swedish operations of Iceland 's troubled Kaupthing Bank for 414 million kronor $ 49.5 million in cash .
Exports grew 16.5 percent to 19.1 million liters .
"Digia said its consolidated net sales for January-June 2010 were EUR67 .8 m 
"The company 
TRLPC - CRH backs Lafarge Holcim asset buy with 6.5 bln euro bridge loan
G4S sees profits rise but UK contract problems remain
The office space will rise above the remodeled Cannon Street underground station .
"According to the original merger plan 
"As a result 
"In 2006 
The service also enables users to watch e-mails in HTML format en is enhanced with 23 addition languages to choose from .
"Previously 
UPDATE 3-Auto Trader shares leap in UK's biggest private equity-backed listing
"So far as is known 
"( ADPnews ) - Oct 21 
"A corresponding increase of 85
"Following its strategy 
Related links : Flexiblebaseloadoperation TheWartsila32generating set Gasconversions This is the shorter of two versions of this press release .
"The inventors are Bylander Johan 
"The inventors are Mukkavilli Krishna Kiran 
"In the third quarter 
"The Network Test Business is part of Elektrobit 's Test and Automation Business Segment and employs 39 people in Finland and 22 people abroad 
"The fair value of the investment properties totaled EUR 2
Diluted EPS rose to EUR3 .68 from EUR0 .50 .
Long $VVUS shares as a call option w/ an expiration of..  umm.. TODAY.    Hitting HOD here.
"There will be return flights from Stuttgart every morning 
Raute Corporation has received orders worth over EUR 12 million from OOO Ilim Bratsk DOK in Russia .
`` We 've been feeling quite positive about the region as a whole .
"Under the terms of the agreement 
CompaniesAB InBev signals it won't go hostile for SABMiller
The ISO certification demonstrates that we are moving forward in our quality commitments to our customers . '
"The decision will have to be made whether the group agrees to the import of Estonian meat and meat products to Finland 
Salcomp Manufacturing Oy will pay EUR 35 million in cash to Salcomp in connection with the implementation of the sale and transfer of the Business .
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Finnish IT solutions provider Affecto Oyj HEL : AFE1V said today its slipped to a net loss of EUR 115
"The newly-completed Allure of the Seas and its identical sister ship 
After 1 April 2007 Cencorp will not have any own employees in the territory .
"Based in Helsinki 
"s business sectors are building construction 
"www.countryelements.co.uk Designed by Patricia Burt 
Infection worries prompt regulatory reviews of Gilead leukaemia drug $GILD https://t.co/H9vqXpZ15G via @YahooFinance
The Department Store Division 's sales fell by 8.6 % to EUR 140.2 mn .
"Significance : Teleste has emphasised that with its large size and growing economy 
"Technopolis plans to develop in stages an area of no less than 100
"In Finland 
"( ADP News ) - Oct 31 
You will hear the latest insights and updates on Citycon 's strategy as well as the latest news from all the business units .
"$XLF http://stks.co/1KJ9 Bounced off target buy area
"BHP Billiton posts big loss
They will be sunk to a depth of some 360-380 metres and fixed to the bottom mud by vacuum .
Device volume in the area decreased by 21 % to 2.7 mn units .
Sponda will record a profit from the sale of 8.5 mln euro ($ 12.4 mln).
"Berling Capital 
$TRX http://stks.co/1KkK Long setup. MACD cross.
"According to Ultrascan 
"In the beginning of the negotiations 
The Group 's business is balanced by its broad portfolio of sports and presence in all major markets .
"Elcoteq 's global service offering covers the entire lifecycle of products 
$PCLN Back to Back intraday reversals look out below. Shorts moving in!
"Outotec 's scope of delivery covers the engineering 
Solidium now holds 5.0 per cent of the shares Solidium Oy has acquired 5.0 per cent of the shares in Tieto Corporation for approximately EUR 58 million .
Raute is listed on the Nordic exchange in Helsinki .
$SPY  still wants higher I think.
Finnish forest industry group Stora Enso Oyj issued on Thursday ( 20 March ) a profit warning for the first quarter 2008 .
Poyry has a good track record of major transportation projects in Latin America .
"The announcement pushed Freenet shares down 6.3 % 
"At 10.33 am 
These measures are expected to produce annual cost savings of EUR 1.5 million starting in 2007 .
"The Annual General Meeting approved that the yearly remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors shall remain at EUR 40.000 for the Chairman of the Board 
Sanoma Magazines Finland 's net sales grew to EUR 140.1 mn from EUR 131.8 mn .
Ruukki 's order book at the end of 2010 was 30 % up year-on-year and 10 % up quarter-on-quarter .
The repurchases shall decrease the distributable capital and reserves .
Pretax loss totalled EUR 162.3 mn compared to a profit of EUR 253.5 mn in 2007 .
$KIOR My god. Market getting crushed today. Gotta hold if anything g should recover some tomorrow I imagine.
"At the end of March 2007 
"National Conciliator Juhani Salonius 
Metsaliitto said that it will book a minor gain of less than EUR1 .0 m from the transaction .
"Known as Post Bank 
UK's FTSE has worst day so far in 2015 as BG and Prudential fall
Finnish retail software developer Aldata Solution Oyj reported a net loss of 11.7 mln euro $ 17.2 mln for 2007 versus a net profit of 2.5 mln euro $ 3.7 mln for 2006 .
LSE-Deutsche BÃ¶rse dealmakers wrong to ignore Brexit risk
Aker Yards Finland will begin using Chinese subcontractors at its Finnish shipyards .
"It is part of the development of the world-class magnetite deposit at Karara 
Glencore slumps 25 pct as debt fears grow
Standard Chartered Not Raising Capital Yet As Dividend Cut
$SONC Amazing run since middle of March - obvious that the quality/tastiness of their burgers is not being factored into this price advance
The air traffic of Finland has been in stoppage since then .
UPDATE 1-Engineering firm Smiths Group confirms CEO appointment
55 workers in +àm+Ñl will be affected by the close-down .
Karppinen expects the consolidation trend to continue in the Finnish market .
Metso estimates the need for personnel reductions to amount to 25 people .
"$AAPL AAPL: Gundlach Slams iPad mini
AstraZeneca shares climb 3% as drug maker ups profits forecasts
- Operating profit rose by 26.9 % to EUR 105.8 ( 83.4 ) million .
The EPS improved to EUR0 .38 from EUR0 .27 .
Insight hires Aviva's David Hillier for multi-asset team
The center will be built in the Kapuli district of Mantsala beside the Hanko-Mantsala-Porvoo road near the new direct rail link between Lahti and Jarvenpaa .
"It grew in Finland 
Today I bought more $MU $YHOO $VALE $NBL $TWTR $AXP $ZNGA https://t.co/Vt6T5Zp2is
"Proline Plus is available in both adjustable single and multichannel models and fixed volume single-channel models 
The final outcome of the rights offering is to be reported around 23 October 2009 .
Vaisala 's board of directors will propose a dividend of 0.85 euro $ 1.24 per share at the company 's annual general meeting .
"Body The credit falls due February 24 
"I'm liking the price action in $SWKS
"The report also said Nokia 's operations comprising the sites at Bochum 
"As a result 
Copper market may get a 2003-style supply shock from Glencore closures
"According to the company 's updated strategy for the years 2009-2012 
Scanfil holdings include 100 % of contract electronics manufacturer Scanfil EMS Group .
"Dubai Nokia has announced the launch of `` Comes with Music '' 
"Finnish metal components supplier Componenta on December 26 
"Cost savings will then rise to some 20 mln eur a year from 2007 
"Biohit and VWR have been in close cooperation for a number of years in the US 
Finnlines said that the deal is part of its strategy to focus on its core businesses .
"The order comprises all production lines for a plywood mill 
$SPY Long 1/2 position 137.89
The total value of these two contracts is over EUR 21 million .
"( ADP News ) - Oct 1 
No service pricing details were disclosed .
"$TSLA Recalls 2
"Equipment will be manufactured in Vaahto 's workshop in Hollola 
$FB still a dog going much lower this week
The expanded plant is scheduled to be operational by the middle of October 2009 .
"In July-September 2008 
"In Finland 
The aforementioned shareholders have informed that they will propose to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be five and that besides the present members of the Board of Directors also Mr Lassi Noponen shall be elected to the Board of Directors .
"$TSLA recalls 2
"In Finland 
"Tikkurila 
The Department Store Division reported an increase in sales of 4 per cent .
"In the Baltic countries 
Operating profit rose to EUR 103.4 mn from EUR 23.2 in the corresponding period in 2006 .
The Group 's revenue in 2008 amounted to EUR 94 million and the company currently employs approximately 730 people .
The board of directors also proposed that a dividend of EUR0 .20 per outstanding share be paid .
$EA points to the two Facebook games and accuses $ZNGA of copyright infringement. http://stks.co/g3A1
"In the second quarter of 2010 
Otherwise the situation is under control .
Juniper tumbles on Q1 warning; Cisco also lower $JNPR $CSCO https://t.co/bGvIntk43h
"In beers 
"In Finland 
"According to latest information 
"Exports accounted for 65.4 % of net sales 
"According to Nordic financial group Nordea 's analyst Sami Sarkamies 
"The payment of 2.779 million litas in interest on a long-term loan provided by Ragutis ' majority shareholder 
Aspocomp has a large factory in China and a factory building project in India that was halted due to financing problems .
"Finnish steel maker Rautaruukki Oyj ( Ruukki ) said on July 7 
"Profit for the period totalled EUR 0.8 mn 
"Both operating profit and turnover for the six-month period increased 
"HELSINKI Thomson Financial - Shares in Cargotec fell sharply in early afternoon trade after the cargo handling group posted a surprise drop in April-June profits 
Doubts grow over GlaxoSmithKline's $6 bln capital return plan
Altogether 150 subjects with mildly elevated cholesterol levels participated in the four-month long intervention .
"128
"Comptel Corporation Sami Ervio President and CEO 
"Operating profit for the nine-month period increased from EUR3 .1 m and net sales increased from EUR61 .5 m 
Absolut Bank is exploring the possibility of further borrowing .
$NKE gapping up to all time highs http://stks.co/q1jAu #tradeideas http://stks.co/r1j6c
The value of the order is around EUR 100 million .
"Elisa said mobile subscriptions grew 7 percent during 2007 
"In Q2 of 2009 
Berkshire Hathaway names Kara Raiguel to lead General Re unit
"SRV will raise its holding in the company so that by the summer of 2008 
"Olvi 
"Kesko offers Hilton to open a hotel on Kalinisky prospect in a 18
As a result of these negotiations the company has decided to make 45 people redundant on financial and production grounds .
The air traffic of Finland has been in stoppage since then .
The new B shares carry the right to dividend and other shareholder rights with effect from today .
Also the traditional grapevine carries a lot of weight .
"The company has a continuous need for alloys such as nickel 
"Rautakesko 's business operations in Norway and Russia 
"The fair value of the property portfolio doubled as a result of the Kapiteeli acquisition and totalled EUR 2
The company says the measures are no longer needed .
The reduction notice applied to 17 people .
"The OMX Helsinki index was 0.33 pct lower at 9
BM4 middle layer headbox will be equipped with a dilution control system .
"Cencorp estimates that its net sales in the last quarter will be as earlier stated 
$FTI Breakout today after reporting earnings last night
"In the fourth quarter of 2009 
"Therefore 
"However 
Relief for Lewis as Tesco sees sales grow for first time in a year
$TSPT  long 8.00
Relations with the City have been further damaged by comments from Mr Ashley criticising City investors and analysts as `` cry babies '' .
Honkarakenne Oyj - a world-leading manufacturer of genuine wooden homes - will be sponsoring Finnish crosscountry skier Virpi Kuitunen for the next three years .
The company said it observed a current stabilisation in prices and there is potential for higher prices for deliveries in the first quarter of 2011 .
EUR 220 million of the transaction consideration was paid in the form of four-year interest-bearing vendor notes .
Ruukki Group calculates that it has lost EUR 4mn in the failed project .
$FB Big Money Is Pouring Into Facebook From All Directions;http://stks.co/sOwG
SCANIA Morgan Stanley lifted the share target on Swedish heavy-duty truck and bus maker Scania AB to 330 crowns ( $ 42.4 - 35.2 euro ) from 310 crowns ( $ 39.8 - 33.1 euro ) .
"In 2006 
"Uponor made an operating profit of EUR 151.0 mn 
Tekla Structures 16 is ` all about you and your team ' and compatible with the Windows 7 operating system .
"Country : 
"Finnish Suominen Corporation that makes wipes 
"Operating profit 
"`` However 
"Net profit in the three months through March 31 fell to (  x20ac ) 103 million ( US$ 165 million ) from (  x20ac ) 131 million a year earlier 
"Nokia OYJ 's production site at Bochum 
"Rapala VMC Corporation STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE October 10 
The divested activities had net sales of EUR 145.1 million in 2009 and an operating profit of EUR 8.9 million .
$WYNN big bounce
"The Polish business employs about 1
"Royal Mail
Morrisons faces festive sales test
"Dirk Jones 
"FDA approves NPS drug
20 October 2010 - Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj HEL : CTH1V said yesterday that its net loss narrowed to EUR7m for the first nine months of 2010 from EUR23 .3 m for the same period of 2009 .
"The period 's sales dropped to EUR30 .6 m from EUR38 .3 m 
"Department store sales improved by 14 % to EUR 1
"The executive said that countries such as Brazil 
Marketing will use Tikkurila 's existing infra structure and local knowledge in Russia .
$TWTR The best scenario going forward is this stock slowly falling everyday....Which is quite probable...
"Baird likes $TSLA - upgrades to outperform
"Global sports equipment maker Amer Sports Corp. 
$FB watching for bounce tomorrow
"In addition 
NetCom expects to complete Turbo 3G deployment in these areas this year .
J+ñrvi-Suomen Portti is also planning to reduce the use of sodium nitrite .
"According to CEO Matti Perkonoja of the parent company HKScan 
"The company will publish its financial statement for 2008 on February 25 
"The share sale 
$SPY http://stks.co/1MiR We're holding above Wednesday and Thursday closes. I'm leaning bullish. Small postions. Waiting.
"Finnish plumbing and heating systems supplier Uponor 's net sales from continuing operations decreased by 9.4 % in 2008 to EUR 949.2 mn from EUR 1
"The handset also features a Media Bar for quick access to favorite media and applications 
Finnish Honkarakenne that specialises in the building of log houses is planning to use pine from Russian Karelia .
Among the biggest Christmas sellers were a  35 satin bow shift dress styled on outfits worn by Victoria Beckham and a  75 Paris Hilton Prom dress .
Below are unaudited consolidated results for Aspocomp Group under IFRS reporting standards .
"Comparable operating profit for the quarter decreased from EUR510m while sales increased from EUR860m 
$RAD All my charts are flashing oversold.
$FB gettin in the buy zone soon ;)
The order was valued at over EUR15m .
"Finnish financial software solutions developer BasWare Oyj said its net profit fell to 884
Windows 10 is awful why did it force an upgrade on my pc without my consent? #windows #Microsoft $msft
"Finnish forest machinery and equipment maker Ponsse Oyj said on October 5 
"Finnish software company QPR Software Plc ( OMX Helsinki : QPR1V ) reported on Thursday ( 23 October ) an operating profit of EUR63 
"Both operating profit and net sales for the nine-month period increased 
An international conference call and audio webcast concerning the financial result January-March 2010 will begin at 14.00 EET .
"Finnish Kemira 's net sales EUR decreased to EUR 1
"$ZSL looking very weak
"The RME from Telcontar enables the handset to calculate the best route and includes support for user-defined routes 
Calls to the switchboard and directory services have decreased significantly since our employees now have up-to-date contact information from all their colleagues and customers on their phone and can place the call directly .
"AP: Caterpillar posts 60 percent jump in 4Q profit on steep global sales increase
Insurance policies should be simple .
Nokia and Capcom announced that Resident Evil Degeneration will be released on N-Gage later this year .
"The steelmaker said that the drop in profit was explained by the continuing economic uncertainty 
$SPY weak close
Compass Group says positive for year ahead
UPM-Kymmene said its has ` not indicated any interest in any domestic consolidations ' .
It also turned in earnings per share ( EPS ) of EUR 0.44 versus loss per share of EUR 2.26 .
"Janno Reiljan 
"The antibody 
"In a media advisory 
"According to Honka Japan 's Managing Director Marko Saarelainen 
"Below are consolidated 
The Finnish daily Kauppalehti surmises that Finnish supplier Rautaruukki has raised its prices above Aker 's comfort zone .
"Tornio Works employs 2
The result before taxes was a loss of 25.0 million euros .
BHP Billiton drags FTSE lower after slashing dividend
"Alma Media holds 70 % of this company 
"It is a member of the OneWorld alliance 
"Many of the commercial vessels had got stuck in the narrow Bay of Bothnia 
"Following the acquisition 
Ponsse projects the forest machine markets to improve more than expected in 2010 from the previous year .
"Ahlstrom Corporation Anne Pirila Director 
1 February 2011 - Finnish textile and clothing company Marimekko Oyj HEL : MMO1V said today its preliminary operating profit grew to EUR8 .2 m in 2010 from EUR6 .3 m in 2009 .
"The price of raw material aluminium went up at the end of 2005 
volatility squeeze in $AAPL. I hope it gets resolved to the upside
"Ramirent 's net sales in the second quarterended June 30 were EURO 128.7 million about U.S. $ 163 million 
"Fortum holds 90.2 pct of the share capital and 94.4 pct of the voting rights in the company 
"OTHER  North-Rhine Westphalia - Is to issue a benchmark 
"F-Secure reported that : - The first half of 2008 has seen a growing number of targeted malware attacks on individuals 
$YELP wayyy overvalued right now IMO. Should be trading single digits. May take a short pos. into earnings. Near term target 18 ......
"As a domestic business 
"The donations are granted to Aalto University and the universities of Helsinki 
"Neste Oil extended yesterday 's gains and put on 0.49 pct to 22.72 eur 
@scottrade Why is $tsla not available for shorting at this time?  Same for $w?
"Finnish Neste Oil that was previously on the list 
The webcast may be followed online on the company website at www.ruukki.com/investors .
YIT says the acquisition is a part of its strategy for expansion in Central and Eastern European markets .
"The Hayward 
"It s an area that is highly valued 
"There are companies 
QPR product family is fully compatible with Microsoft 's Windows 7 operating system .
"The address location is provided to a local controller 
It will use the proceeds from the transaction to achieve its target .
@CH_Roark: $UNXL I like this Ascending Triangle on the 30-minute chart. Breakout coming Monday! http://stks.co/aT3GLooks promising.
"Profit before taxes was EUR 4.0 mn 
"`` We are very pleased to be working with Fujitsu and NTT DoCoMo to advance the progress of LTE 
"When this information was released on 5 September 2008 
All Amer Sports companies develop and manufacture technically advanced products that improve the performance of active sports participants .
The company pledged that the new software would render e-mails and other documents much as they appear on desktop computers .
"Rory Fitzgerald 
Kingfisher takeover of Mr Bricolage could hit a brick wall
"( ADPnews ) - May 4 
"Frost sold shares for $ 19 million at $ 6.06-7 .12 per share 
"According to preliminary data from Slovakia 's Statistics Office 
Niam offer financial investors a high return via investments in funds that in turn invest in all types of properties .
$AVGO great growth stk &  also raised dividend . clearly a great investment http://stks.co/r2F3h
SKF 6 April 2010 - Alandsbanken has given a `` buy '' recommendation on Swedish industrial company SKF AB ( STO : SKF B ) with a share price target of SEK150 .
"Trading code : ELI1V Number of shares : 99
The deal is subject to approval by the Norwegian competition authorities .
Fortum had intended to spend as much as ( EURO ) 2.7 bn to become the sole owner of TGK-10 .
"The period 's sales dropped to EUR 30.6 million from EUR 38.3 million 
The solutions will be used for upgrading the networks of a Russian MSO in 37 different cities in Russia .
`` The combined activities will create value for shareholders and be good for our employees and customers .
He confirmed his view on July 6 .
Glencore blames rivals for creating metals glut
Estonia 's beer market overall grew three percent last year to 130 million liters .
"The business transfer will take effect from 1 January 2007 
"LLC 
The company will also be compensated for acting as a reserve batch plant .
@asdfLLC. Nice pop today. Told ya we would be green haha. Funny you bring that up. I'm actually working on a story about $NOK at the moment
"Cerberus Capital Management LP-backed printing paper maker NewPage Corp. has posted mixed second-quarter results 
$INO back in this am small post
"`` Because we 're a pension insurance company 
"`` P&O Ferries now has a very efficient and powerful vessel for its Dover to Calais route 
"$pcln back over ""up"" trendline from 10/4"
"( ADP News ) - Feb 12 
"Only this time 
I don't see it. 200 day sma is the big hurdle. There is a good base building. $NFLX  https://t.co/ImKYGO2cyc
Autotank Group is part of Aspo 's Systems Division .
"In a media advisory 
"Wartsila won the contract in October 2007 and the plant will be installed at Manturovo in the Kostroma region of Russia 
Elisa has commissioned Finland 's Poyry Telecom Oy to conduct a study of reception in some of Estonia 's largest cities besides Tallinn .
Fortum also has a blocking stake in Northwestern TGK-1 .
It will report full-year results on August 22 .
It has been agreed with the company 's Board of Directors that she will be available in an advisory role .
"Kaupthing forecasts that Finnish-Swedish Stora Enso will close its mill in Reisholz 
"Finnish silicon wafer technology company Okmetic Oyj ( OMX Helsinki : OKM1V ) reported on Thursday ( 7 August ) an operating profit of EUR5 .3 m for the period January-June 2008 
`` Ruukki is now included on DJSI World for the second year running and the European DJSI STOXX for the third year running .
New Credit Suisse boss faces stiff challenge in Asia
"Operating loss totalled EUR 5.2 mn 
"Operating profit was EUR -0.1 mn 
Russia 's Video International Group holds a controlling stake in Russian Media Ventures .
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of EUR0 .05 .
"SiriusXM added 465
"Through the Nordic Exchange 
"The Group 's business sectors are Building Construction 
"Thanksto improvements in demand and the adjustments we have made 
"For 2009 
FDA approves Shire's Vyvanse for binge-eating disorder
Micron Shares Pounded On Fears Of Loss Of Business From Apple; Stifel Defends $AAPL $MU http://stks.co/t1Z8T @Marjo
Finnish office supplies and computer accessories dealer Beltton-Group Plc said its net profit rose to 1.3 mln euro ( $ 1.7 mln ) in 2006 from 1.13 mln euro ( $ 1.5 mln ) in 2005 .
UPDATE 1-Berkshire applies to boost Wells Fargo stake above 10 pct
The use of validation rule base enables verifying that processing rule bases managed by different administrators fulfil some set requirements .
"Finnish Exel Composites 
"National Conciliator Juhani Salonius 
Long $X 24.62
"The number of class A shares remains unchanged at 9
Operating profit fell to EUR 6.2 mn from EUR 8.5 mn in the third quarter of 2007 .
The pipeline is strong .
Implementation of the project will be carried out by the Finnish company YIT in association with the investment fund Evli Property Investment Russia ( EPI ) .
The Extraordinary General Meeting is expected to take place no later than 18 February 2011 .
"Rautalinko was resposnible also for Mobility Services 
"Operating result showed a loss of EUR 2.9 mn 
"( ADP News ) - Dec 11 
"In the method the smelt spouts 2 are separated from the working area 6 by a shielding wall 8 
"Kesko 's car import and retailing business 
"Pretax profit rose to EUR 1
$COH Gaining Momentum! Nice buy signals here! Long Over $35.92 http://stks.co/t0tAh
"Investors will continue being interested in the company 's share although it is not quite cheap 
"$SLW is down
He is a member of the Board of numerous com-panies and a shareholder of the Boardman Ltd board specialist net-work .
Finnish Vacon has signed significant deals with Norwegian Scandinavian Electric Systems ( SES ) on the supply of AC drives .
"Finnish Kemira Group 's CEO 
"At 12.01 pm 
The figure does not include food exports from Finland .
They are also upset that some of the machinery and work is taken over to Poland .
"The operations to be sold include manufacturing units in Finland 
"Operating income was EUR -24.9 mn 
The company distributes Hiab 's products as well as other products .
FCC Chairman Kevin Martin said that fair play required extending the same deregulatory rules to the digital subscriber lines that telecom providers use for broadband networks .
Pretax profit rose to EUR 17.8 mn from EUR 14.9 mn in 2005 .
"The alliance aims to tap pocketable mobile computers 
Buffett's Company Reports 37 Percent Drop in 2Q Earnings
"Tikkurila Powder Coatings has some 50 employees at its four paint plants 
Finnish Bore that is owned by the Rettig family has grown recently through the acquisition of smaller shipping companies .
Satama and Trainers ' House will remain as names and independent brands of the business areas .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 9.4 mn 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 30.2 mn 
"Complete name of shareholder : Otto Henrik Bernhard Nyberg For further information 
The emerging markets that Raisio has chosen to enter so far are marked by relatively low per capita food consumption .
$CAMT Looks like might break down. I'm out
Commission income fell to EUR 4.6 mn from EUR 5.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
We are now taking Marimekko there on a distinctly more significant scale .
"Earlier today 
"Yesterday 
"Of course 
"Operating result for the 12-month period decreased from the profit of EUR0 .4 m while turnover decreased from EUR5 .6 m 
"By 14:29 CET on Monday 
Repeats sees 2008 EBITA above 18 pct of sales .
The construction project is scheduled to start in the second quarter of 2009 and the new building is scheduled to be in place by the end of 2010 .
"`` We hope to clarify our policies to Finnish businesses where there are any gray areas 
The bank 's leasing arm Nordea Liising ended the year with a profit of 4.4 million euros .
The company 's board of directors has proposed a dividend of EUR0 .12 per share for 2006 .
"`` However 
"Argentine agricultural export company Calafate has tapped compatriot firm Finnegans for a software solution 
"`` We are delighted to announce our support for Intel based handheld platforms 
$NFLX and $TSLA making all kinds of gains 📈
Out of shorts $ALTR at 38.85 with loss
"Operating profit totalled EUR 9.0 mn 
"$FB trend
"In Finland 
"Several large stocks tacked lower 
"JVC will stop producing DVD players in Brazil : JVC do Brazil 
"$AMZN trades in mid to upper range. No break out yet
Roshan 's net sales in 2006 were $ 191 million and EBITDA was $ 66.5 million .
The terms and conditions of the Stock Option Scheme 2008 are available on the Company 's internet pages www.sanoma.com .
"Earnings per share EPS amounted to EUR0 .03 
Joint procurement will be later extended to the factories in the Baltic countries .
"( ADPnews ) - Dec 1 
( The acquisition sum has not been disclosed . )
The sales of the Tiimari segment fell by 4.0 % year-on-year to EUR3 .3 m in June 2010 .
"Finnish Sampo Bank 
Revenue grew 12 percent to (  x20ac ) 3.6 billion ( US$ 4.5 billion ) .
Shares will be acquired in accordance with section 5 of the rules of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki and other rules applicable to the acquisition of own shares .
We are pleased to invite you to join M-real 's international conference call at 3:00 p.m. EET .
"In the fourth quarter of 2008 
"BasWare is headquartered in Espoo 
"The stock is trading above both its MAPs and the 50-day MAP of SEK72 .983 is higher than the 200-day MAP of SEK70 .283 
The order for plywood mill machinery and equipment announced by Finnish Raute in September 2006 will be delivered to Thebault Plyland in France .
The Swedish player became majority owner of UCell in mid-2007 .
"As a result 
$aapl short term fund/redemption liquidations.. Should have the channel cleared soon and on solid footing. $520 is new floor come July! :)
AstraZeneca Teams With Daiichi Sankyo To Sell Movantik In US
ND = Not disclosed .
"`` This contract demonstrates our ability to apply our minerals and metals technologies in adjacent industries 
The stock was hit by the profit warning of Finnish rival Rautaruukki Oyj ( OMX : RTRKS ) .
"Empresa de Desarrollo Urbano de Quito 
Finnish technology company Raute Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : RUTAV ) issued on Tuesday ( 23 September ) a profit warning for the financial year 2008 .
RSA 's shares closed at 156.9 p at the time of going to press .
$RCON some upside today. This thing is severe low float. If there is catalyst for this guy. It can run.
"$JE LOOKS like we are bouncing.  Would be nice to finish over $6 today
An audio webcast will be available live and archived on Cerner 's Web site at www.cerner.com .
$AAPL Goldman Sachs reiterates conviction buy on Apple with a $155 PT $SPY $DJIA $GS https://t.co/h5hmXSITwM
"The copying 
ouch looks like $tsla shorts getting skinned again
The first of the two project phases is expected to be completed by the end of 2012 .
$PG Ackman making the big added efficiency argument. betting on operational imporvement in a huge conglomerate can go either way imo.
"Both operating profit and sales for the three-month period increased 
"At the end of last week 
Efore has decided to establish a company for eletric vehicle ( EV ) business in China .
"Managing Director 's comments : `` Net sales for the first quarter were notably lower than a year before 
The passenger tunnel is expected to be put into operation in 2009 .
Tata Steel working with StanChart for UK unit sale - source
"At the request of Finnish media company Alma Media 's newspapers 
"As a result 
Activities range from the development of natural resources to the retailed marketing of finished products .
$PLUG Closed short position. Small gain. Not interested in options expiring worthless
"The Apple Inc. iPhone wo n't change the game plan for Verizon Communications Inc. 
Production capacity will increase from 36 000 to 85 000 tonnes per year and the raw material will continue to be recycled paper and board .
AstraZeneca sells US drug rights to Perrigo for $380 mln
Short interest increases yet again http://stks.co/e19h via @ryandetrick $SPY
"The Process Products orders are for the installation of separation-filtration equipment at three natural gas pipeline projects in China 
$HZNP havent seen vol like this since the runup. lets see one more dip to 2.0x
"The subscriptions increase Cargotec 's share capital by 36
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) stood at EUR 0.25 versus EUR 0.42 .
"Daily Mail owner considering Yahoo bid $yhoo 
"`` This vessel order will help Aspo secure the long-term competitiveness of its fleet 
"In the second quarter of 2009 
ArcelorMittal Chief Executive Officer Lakshmi Mittal has already cut output at some furnaces .
"As such 
The proposed consolidation activities will impact approximately 30 positions .
Consumption is forecast to grow by about 2 % .
UPDATE 1-EU regulator backs approval for GSK injectable asthma drug
Starbucks downgraded on same day as new downgraded rewards program starts  $SBUX
You are warmly welcome !
Efore 's CEO Reijo Maihaniemi said that the company has developed and already delivered power supply units to respective systems based on this technology to Chinese sector company ZTE Corp SHE : 000063 .
"The earnings per share for the quarter came in at 0.25 eur 
"Exports make up more than 80 per cent of our sales 
"Ruukki Romania 
"Global Markets Direct 's Pohjola Bank plc - Financial Analysis Review is an in-depth business 
SABMiller revenue hit by weaker EM currencies
ABB Deutsche Bank upgraded its recommendation on Swiss-Swedish engineering group ABB Ltd. to ` Buy ' from ` Hold ' .
"In the Czech Republic 
"Ackman
"The floor area of the Yliopistonrinne project will be 7
Aldata said that there are still a number of operational aspects to be defined between it and Microsoft and further details of the product and market initiatives resulting from this agreement will be available at a later date .
"Nokia shares hit 13.21 euros on Friday 
"The Internal Revenue Service sees about 20 percent of all taxpayers wait until the last two weeks to file 
Solidium picked up Tikkurila shares as a dividend at a book value of EUR15 .80 per share .
The bank sees a potential for Getinge share to rise .
Finnish food industry company L+ñnnen Tehtaat is planning changes to its fish product business .
"Quarterly diluted EPS on continuing operations came in at 0.21 eur 
"Construction work on the Helsinki Music Centre is to start this autumn 
@1nvestor: $SODA has a 42.71% Float Short. LoL  http://stks.co/e0DfP
"Tieto in Latvia is represented by IT services companies TietoEnator Alise and TietoEnator 
"Citigroup 
Uponor maintains its full-year guidance for 2010 .
Stora Enso Oyj said its second-quarter result would fall by half compared with the same period in 2007 .
"Latin America currently accounts for approximately 40 % of sales at Tecnotree 
Its 168 asset management experts manage assets worth over EUR 35 billion .
Tesco leads FTSE higher on Clubcard bid reports
Finnair was able to operate most of its leisure flights despite the strike .
"Nokia 's share price fell less than one percent to 18.70 euros ( $ 25.41 ) in Helsinki 
"TeliaSonera 's underlying results however included 457 mln skr in positive one-offs 
"Finnish software and hardware developer Elektrobit Oyj HEL : EBG1V 
Operating profit fell from EUR 7.9 mn in the second quarter of 2005 to EUR 5.1 mn in the second quarter of 2006 .
"no compensation for its news 
Revenue grew 1 percent to euro742 .2 million US$ 964 million from euro735 million .
"At the seminar 
"Votorantim Celulose e Papel ( VCP ) is part of the Votorantim Group 
"The Finnish company is building a 800
"The sale 
"The plant will go on stream in November 2008 and its estimated daily production will be 120
"Operating profit excluding non-recurring items amounted to EUR 40.6 mn 
"The Group 's revenue amounts to over EUR 80 million 
"So far Norwegian Norske Skog has reduced the staff levels by 1
"LKAB 
`` They want my credit card info and my personal details .
UPM-Kymmene has generated thirty-one consecutive quarters of positive EBITDA .
"Really surprised by how much $FB has now fallen. Thought there'd be some support around the 50d
"Operating loss totalled EUR 12.7 mn 
The event can also be viewed as a live audio webcast at www.ahlstrom.com .
Operating profit excluding non-recurring items was EUR 7.8 million compared to EUR 11.2 million .
"The maximum grade of the veneer yield is calculated 
The operating margin came down to 2.4 % from 5.7 % .
"`` In Ukraine 
"As a result of the merger 
The transaction is in line with Aspo 's strategy to expand in the Baltic Sea region and in the eastern markets .
Merging the two free sheets will clarify the market situation .
Arena Partners Oy is a development company for electronic business .
Cramo slipped to a pretax loss of EUR 6.7 million from a pretax profit of EUR 58.9 million .
The studies are expected to start in 2008 .
Net profit in the same period in 2006 was 36.6 million euros .
Finnish communication electronics components supplier Scanfil Oyj Tuesday said sales in the first half of 2006 will be 15 % lower than during the same period a year ago .
The number of magazine and newspaper readers remained unchanged .
The company had net sales of EUR 19.8 mn and a pre-tax profit of EUR 1.8 mn in 2005 .
"The workforce will be reduced also in the Amsterdam office 
Yvonne Jones is owner of Chameleon Interiors .
"A downloadable instruction sheet 
"In 2007 Talentum will disclose three Interim Reports - Q1 ( January - March ) on Friday 
The parties have also agreed on options that allow UH to extensively implement later on also functionalities of human resources management .
"LONDON ( AFX ) - Intertek Group PLC 
Finnair believes the strike will cause it daily net losses in excess of EUR 2mn due to canceled reservations and passenger re-routing .
Nordea sees a return to positive growth for the Baltic countries in 2011 .
The negotiations will concern the plant 's department producing winded roving that employs 10 people .
"POYRY PLC Additional information by : Martin Kuzaj 
"@Binkster69 Not that. it's just ER's lol. But looking at the correlation of $ARIA and foreign price charts
"Rapala VMC Corporation STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE October 10 
"As part of its new strategy 
"Virala Oy Ab was allocated by the Board of Directors an amount of EUR 1
"Juha Jordan 
Another firm Air Liquide was exempted because it left the market in 1998 .
Finnair 's total traffic decreased by 8.7 % in terms of revenue passenger kilometres .
"The reorganisation will be carried out by transferring HKScan Corporation 's production-related property 
Cash flow from operations in January-December 2008 was a negative EUR 18.1 mn compared to EUR 39.0 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"HELSINKI AFX - Cargotec said it has bought a 95 pct stake in Indital Construction Machinery Ltd 
"Finnish silicon wafer technology company Okmetic Oyj OMX Helsinki : OKM1V reported on Thursday 30 October an operating profit of EUR7 .4 m for January-September 2008 
$DCTH Near HOD
CS Cabot 's main consumers on the Czech and Slovak market are tires producers Barum Continental and Matador Continental .
ALERT: New MACD signal created on $CTXS - Buy at 77.09 - Time: 18:23 - Strength: 10. Powered by https://t.co/4TdgjEDLLZ
Cameco typically prices sales contracts using a 40:60 ratio of fixed prices and spot prices .
"The total service concept also includes technology services 
Russia wants to utilise its huge forest reserves in a very different way from what has been done so far .
"Based on the 2005 calendar year the combined company had EUR15 .8 bn in pro forma annual revenues and is expected to start operations with 60
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) fell to EUR 0.63 from EUR 1.71 .
Incap Furniture is presently negotiating staff cuts .
$AAPL broke descending channel....will it hold?
The acquisition is expected to improve access to chrome ore resources in Turkey .
"When this investment is in place 
"The respondents praised Finnair 's reliability 
Satama earned Data Management Solutions competency with Business Intelligence specialization recentlyvia the acquisition of Fimentor Oy .
"We aim to ensure that Vacon is in good shape when capital expenditure starts to pick up again 
"The objective is that trading in the shares will commence on May 2 
$tsla X recall not a big deal... the problem is now they will have an excuse to guide way way lower...
"Aspocomp said it will spin off its Chinese and Indian units 
"For the first nine months of 2010 
Why not subscribe to the magazine ?
"Janis Arbidans 
It was decided that the auditors are reimbursed according to invoice .
Kalmar Espana generated net sales of some 11.3 mln euro $ 14.8 mln in 2005 .
"ALEXANDRIA 
"@louiebeene vwap is 1.63
ARM Holdings plc Partners With International Business Machines Corp. To Drive ...
"Under Finnish law 
Operating profit excluding non-recurring items totaled EUR 5.4 mn compared to EUR 5.5 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"ENP Newswire - 22 March 2011 Release date - 21032011 - A total of 13
$CDTI bounce here on support or H&S setup this area is very important for bulls to not lose http://stks.co/c0mf3
SSH Establishes New Global Sales and Marketing Group to be led by George Adams ; Adams Establishes Global Sales and Marketing Group to Drive Worldwide Programs Supporting SSH Tectia Enterprise Security Solutions
"The businesses to be divested offer dairy 
"The scope of the project is to find the most cost-efficient method for phosphorous removal and to deliver the storing and dosing equipment 
Microsoft last week also issued the first patch for the Windows 7 operating system beta it had released days earlier .
1 Block lamp Harri Koskinen 's light was introduced in 1996 and has been a bestseller ever since .
The original patent was filed in Finland under application No. .
"Compared with the FTSE 100 index 
"Ruukki 's delivery includes steel structures 
"Forestries were also higher 
4 January 2011 - Finnish media company Alma Media Corporation HEL : ALN1V said today its online recruitment service Monster Oy will partner with local newspaper publisher Suomen Lehtiyhtyma in listing job advertisements .
"Tesla Motors recalls 2
"The interim report for the first quarter is published on May 8 
"Agricultural newspaper Maaseudun Tulevaisuus had 318
"Finnish Scanfil 
The group 's net sales in 2007 were EUR683 .6 m.
"The unit 's clients are mainly in the field of specialist convenience goods 
"Mr. McDonald started the evening with his own set 
"Sarantel 
Philippines' San Miguel says to partner with Kirin if it bids for SABMiller's ...
A high court in Finland has fined seven local asphalt companies more than   lion ( $ 117 million ) for operating a cartel .
Net profit fell by almost half to +é 5.5 million from +é 9.4 million at the end of 2007 .
"$AGN and $PYPL under pressure along with the market
UPM stock fell 3 percent to EURO 12.49 $ 17.24 in early afternoon trading in Helsinki .
"HELSINKI AFX - Cramo said it has agreed to sell Cramo Nederland BV CNL 
The stock rose for a second day on Wednesday bringing its two-day rise to GBX12 .0 or 2.0 % .
"The share capital of Alma Media Corporation business ID 1944757-4 is EUR 44
"The port facilities ' throughput is 250
Investments are not disclosed .
Operating profit excluding non-recurring items increased by 27 % to EUR 81.9 mn from EUR 64.4 mn in the corresponding period in 2008 .
"At the end of March 2009 
The value of the order is about EUR 30mn .
"The market making in accordance with the agreement will begin on September 24 
$FB popping up to HOD
"`` I am very pleased and proud of our performance last year 
"The order includes a steel frame 
"The shares subscribed for under the stock options were registered in the Trade Register on 20 January 2011 
The identity of the buyer is not yet known .
Finnish Bank of +àland 's consolidated net operating profit increased from EUR 4.8 mn in the first quarter of 2005 to EUR 6.4 mn in the first quarter of 2006 .
RT @robbieLOLZ $NFLX A close above here is looking good for the bulls. Will hold my positions to see where we close at. Keep buying here.
Under the contract Cramo Sverige and its subcontractor Brinkab AB will provide all scaffolding installations at LKAB 's new pellets plant in Kiruna in northern Sweden .
"The copying 
"It makes a wide range of mobile devices with services and software that enable people to experience music 
easyJet expects resilient demand to withstand security fears
RT @jan $ARNA Don't think buyout rumor strong enough too be driving this up just yet...when it is this may fly like aapl...// fly how high?
"$SLV -4.44% at 18 now AWFUL
The secondary antenna can also be used for reception of the high power signal of the radar to calibrate the transmission channels of the radar . ''
"The broker started UPM-Kymmene 
"Operating profit margin was 8.3 % 
"The markets are almost completely controlled by three banks : Nordea 
Net profit fell by almost half to +é 5.5 million from +é 9.4 million at the end of 2007 .
"EQ Bank forecasts Olvi 's net sales at EUR 67mn in the second quarter of 2009 
"H+Ñkan Dahlstr+Âm 
"Belarus OAO Lidskoe Pivo brewery 
The bridge will be built to the south of the existing bridge spanning the strait .
The deal will have no significant effect on the acquiring company 's equity ratio .
Risk exposure by Non-life Insurance  Moving 12-month  Expenses by function in Non-life Insurance excluding expenses for investment management and expenses for other services rendered Non-life Insurance investment portfolio by allocation
The company is also featured in the Ethibel Pioneer Investment Register and included in Innovest 's Global 100 list of the world 's most sustainable corporations .
The value of the multi-year agreement is over EUR 2mn a year .
"Glencore Cuts 2015 Budget
Cash flow from business operations totalled EUR 0.4 mn compared to a negative EUR 15.5 mn in the first half of 2008 .
"Compared with the FTSE 100 index 
"At the moment 
Zurich Insurance Considering Offer for UK Rival RSA Insurance
"After buying Eukor Car Carriers 50 percent stake 
"Destia Oy is a Finnish infrastructure and construction service company building 
"ALEXANDRIA 
It will also strengthen Ruukki 's offshore business .
The handset maker did not disclose any financial details .
The plant is expected to start production in the first half of 2007 .
"The restructuring creates a more efficient organization with increased operational focus and stable profitability 
The electricity requirement of networks will grow with the new mobile generation .
"Order intake 
"Net profit in the three months through March 31 fell to (  x20ac ) 103 million ( US$ 165 million ) from (  x20ac ) 131 million a year earlier 
"CHS Expo Freight is a major Finnish fair 
No changes regarding the Virala Oy Ab s ownership of shares of Tiimari has taken place .
"Proha Plc ( Euronext :7327 ) announced today ( 19 May ) that its fully-owned subsidiary 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 21.1 mn 
"Finnish power supply solutions and systems provider Efore Oyj said its net loss widened to 3.2 mln euro $ 4.2 mln for the first quarter of fiscal 2006-2007 ending October 31 
Long $GPRO for a brealout trade
The terms and conditions of Stock Option Scheme 2004 are available on the Group 's website .
Net sales grew in the period to  x20ac 402 million $ 585US million from  x20ac 401 million in 2006 .
"Operating margin 
"Trading under the name Velta UK 
"Dolce & Gabbana has asked the European Union to declare Marimekko Corporation 's `` Unikko '' floral pattern trademark invalid 
Electronic versions require 24-48 hours as each copy is customized to the client with digital controls and custom watermarks .
"The contract covers the supply of temporary heating equipment for LKAB 's new pellet plant in Kiruna 
"Latin America currently accounts for approximately 40 % of sales at Finnish BSS-OSS and VAS supplier for telecoms operators Tecnotree 
"Operating profit was EUR 139.7 mn 
"Cash flow from operations totalled EUR 7.4 mn 
Her present position is the director of Stockmann 's international department stores .
Juniper tumbles on Q1 warning; Cisco also lower https://t.co/N8X8BpLJ1E $JNPR $CSCO
Finnish Rautaruukki is selling its precision tube and automotive component processing unit Carl Froh in Germany to German Arques Industries .
Forest certification is a voluntary system aimed at promoting sustainable forest management in commercial forests .
The products have a low salt and fat content .
UPDATE 5-SABMiller rejects AB InBev's $104 bln takeover approach
"POYRY PLCCompany Announcement 10 December 2010 at 4.10 p.m. Pursuant to Poyry PLC 's stock option program 2004 
The new units should become one of the largest ones within the company .
"In this case 
Prices and delivery volumes of broadband products decreased significantly in 2005 .
"$KNDI #China #ElectricCar maker. China car sales +7.8%. Also
"According to Bosse 
Cash flow from operations rose to EUR 52.7 mn from EUR 15.6 mn in 2007 .
"Fiskars Brands report net sales of EUR 145.8 mn 
"The Annual Report contains the financial statements 
Cargotec will also move Hallberg-Ivarsson 's service and installation business under the same roof with its service center for Kalmar and MacGregor solutions in Gothenburg .
The company 's board of directors would propose a dividend of EUR0 .15 per share for 2005 .
"On the other hand 
"This new deal has strengthened the partnership from Telemig Celular and Tecnomen 
Tesco leads leap in FTSE 100; Marks & Spencer drops
"SSH Communications Security Corporation is headquartered in Helsinki 
RISING costs have forced packaging producer Huhtamaki to axe 90 jobs at its Hampshire manufacturing plant .
"The company designs 
Unilever 's Turun Sinappi that is made in Sweden holds 40 % of the market .
"Thus the group 's balance sheet will have about EUR25 .8 m in goodwill for 2010 
"Vanhanen said the strike would be `` extremely damaging '' as some 1
Border Guard Service has banned the mooring of the company car-shipping ferry on its test travel at the railroad-car terminal of the Russian port as the border checkpoint is not yet ready .
Financing of the project will come mainly from China .
`` The purchase of the operations is part of YIT 's strategy to expand its offering of building system services geographically . ''
"The Finnish government announced Wednesday that it sold a 32 percent stake in chemicals and fertilizer group Kemira Oyj for (  x20ac ) 655.6 million ( $ 890US million ) 
The fair value of the company 's investment properties went down to EUR2 .769 bn at the end of September 2009 from EUR2 .878 bn a year earlier .
UPM-Kymmene has generated seventeen consecutive quarters of positive Cash Flow from Operations .
"Konecranes Oyj KCR1V FH fell 5.5 percent to 20.51 euros 
"CapMan said the deal 's effect on its cash flow for 2009 totals EUR3 .4 m 
Vianor sells tires for cars and trucks as well as a range of other car parts and provides maintenance services .
"Patrick Jeambar will also continue being responsible for Innovation and Health 
"Founded in 1946 
Royal Mail share price rallies amid positive broker comments
"Shares of Standard Chartered ( STAN ) rose 1.2 % in the FTSE 100 
"For the purposes of the possible acquisition 
"Its main business area 
Operating profit fell to EUR 20.3 mn from EUR 74.2 mn in the second quarter of 2008 .
"Lithuanian beer makers sold 256.88 million liters of beer in 2005 
"The negotiations were carried out in a constructive manner 
"As a result 
The company confirmed its estimate for lower revenue for the whole 2009 than the year-ago EUR93 .9 m as given in the interim report on 5 August 2009 .
The company 's model is based on developer contracting construction projects and customer focused project management .
The SeaWind that was en route from the Finnish port of Turku to Stockholm got stuck in ice already around 4 p.m. on Wednesday and the Regal Star 's journey from the Swedish port of Kapellskar to Paldiski in northwestern Estonia was cut short at 2 a.m. on Thursday .
Operating loss amounted to EUR 0.7 mn compared to a profit of EUR 0.8 mn in the second quarter of 2005 .
"Finnish Scanfil 
"The sale will result in a capital loss of EUR5m for Solidium 
"Price talk is in the mid-market swaps plus 105 bps area and the leads are Barclays 
"Speaking to just-drinks today 
It is planned to set up the A class business center in the two top storeys of the complex .
"$CNP Sell Short Position on CNP
Commented on It's Time To Embrace Dividend Growth https://t.co/wc2qfP79TN $ABBV $CSCO $WYN
"CaixaBank
"Affecto will provide a new EFI Data Warehouse and reporting solution 
"`` If you need malware removal tools 
"However 
Increase in the number of shares is based on the option rights which were granted to the management of the company under the stock option plan 2006 .
The share subscription period for C options will commence on 1 September 2008 and expire on 31 March 2011 .
"The device can also be used for theft protection and positioning of vehicles 
"Cohen & Steers 
"FastJet slams EasyJet founder Stelios for going public
Total operating revenue grew by 27.6 % year-on-year to EUR61m .
CompaniesActelion shares hit record on Shire takeover talk
"Due to rapid expansion 
"Based on strong customer interest and feedback 
"Cramo Plc is a service company specialising in construction machinery and equipment rental and rental-related services 
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil reports net sales of EUR 58.9 mn in the second quarter of 2007 
"Thus the group 's balance sheet will have about EUR25 .8 m of goodwill 
"A total of 16.5 mn passenger ship journeys took place in the northern Baltic Sea in 2007 
"Among the Scandinavian companies present in St. Petersburg 
$AMZN long into earnings. looks good over 600
"Operating loss totalled EUR 0.9 mn 
UPDATE 2-Pricey beers lift SABMiller's quarterly underlying sales
"Operating loss of the Pulp & Paper Machinery unit was over EUR 3mn in September 2007 - August 2008 
Ruling sets lower limit on potential fine for BP
Major Order in India Comptel Corporation has received a significant long-term order for mediation and provisioning solutions being used by a leading operator in India .
Citrix Systems Inc $CTXS Position Increased by Mizuho… https://t.co/v7Lkq08Flp @ShareStockNews
"Finnair 's Tallinn-based subsidiary 
Also construction expenses have gone up in Russia .
30 November 2009 - Finnish office furniture maker Martela Oyj HEL : MARAS said today that it will make redundant three people and other nine will be laid off permanently from the company 's office staff and factory workers .
"Local government commissioner of +àm+Ñl 
"As a result of the share issue 
"CapMan has six investment areas CapMan Buyout 
Combined net sales in 2006 were $ 27 million and EBITDA was $ 13.7 million .
Finland-based Stockmann Group has closed seven franchising sports stores Nike in Russia .
"Our key geographical markets are Europe 
"In January-November 2009 
"Finnish diversified holding company Aspo Oyj said on September 8 
Phew! So far good $BBRY did not break 10.40 coz I was told that is key support level.
"`` Uncommonly weak snow conditions in nearly every market have affected our first quarter result 
$TSLA stock gaining steam... Plus other notable moves from this week: https://t.co/Hz0wdp5za1
The value of the order is USD 2.2 mn .
It will combine and renew the contents and functionality of the current systems for funding and online service as well as their maintenance .
"Thanks to his wide contact network and good knowledge of market and business environment 
The restructuring measures will not affect the production of packaging printing material .
The serial bond is part of the plan to refinance the short-term credit facility .
"Net cash flow from operating activities was a negative EUR 3.1 mn 
It is now the leading private road ambulance service company in Finland .
$IDCC - $89 share total value of company after crunching #'s. The 4g technology is their diamond in the rough.
Operating loss landed at EUR39m including one-offs and at EUR27m excluding one-offs .
$WFT closng higher from here
"Of the sales price 
"ADP News - Apr 22 
Mr Lee said he hoped that Neste 's move will ` pave the way for more collaboration projects between our two countries ' .
Sanoma Corporation wants a new and better frequency for the Helsinki metropolitan area .
`` Our aim is to understand different traffic patterns based on the use of each building .
The newly created position has been established to strengthen Amer Sports ' management in strategic planning and execution .
Finnish airline Finnair is starting the temporary layoffs of cabin crews in February 2010 .
"$ATVI ooks pretty bullish for now. from a short-term perspective
The operating profit for Grain Trading increased to EUR 2.0 mn from EUR 1.4 mn in 2005 .
Export declined by 6 percent to 16.4 million liters .
"Koduextra is operating a retail chain of 11 stores 
The uranium found locally is naturally occurring and it makes sense to extract it in the same way as we do with our other metals . ''
The parties have agreed not to disclose the transaction value .
"Elcoteq 's Electronics Manufacturing Services ( EMS ) Business Segment serves customers globally in Engineering 
"$HPQ Says Breakup Will Cost Billions
Entering long Lockheed Martin $LMT at Thursday's open. http://stks.co/eXtA
"$SDS +1.46% 15.32
"The business idea of Budget Sport is to offer customers a wide range of high-quality sports equipment and clothing at low prices 
The joint venture is planning a quick timetable for negotiating the lease of the potential wind farm areas and for charting the feasibility of the wind farms .
"Tallink Silja attributes the significant drop to problems with the booking system that was taken into operation in October 
"Profit for the period was EUR 10.9 mn 
The company 's share is listed in the Mid Cap segment of the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki .
"Net income from life insurance doubled to EUR 6.8 mn from EUR 3.2 mn 
#LongPos $TSLA 256 Break-out thru 50 & 200- DMA (197-230) upper head res (274-279) Short squeeze in progress Nr term obj: 310 Stop loss:239
$TSLA not dipping - testing the 200 day ma https://t.co/jEPLmZQKGW
"Cablevision Systems Corp. CVC Their Madison Square Garden division owns and operates the New York Knickerbockers basketball team ; they also own the Madison Square Garden Arena 
Production at the plant will be based on Neste Oil 's proprietary technology that can use a flexible input of any vegetable oil or animal fat .
"`` As a part of the Eseries business promise 
$ilmn piper Jeffries raises pt.  I remain long
@pierrules: $SIRI LONG!!
"The e-commerce site and flagship will be managed by Marimekko North America Retail LLC 
Boomerang Boats had net sales of EUR 4.1 mn and it made an operating profit of EUR 0.4 mn in 2006 .
The shipyard hopes the regional government in Andalusia can offer its some form of financial support .
"cents The profile contains business operations 
$SKH http://stks.co/163e Long setup. Watch for continuation and volume expansion here. Hot sector.
"Following the demerger 
Delivery is expected to take place later this month .
"Incap Corporation Stock Exchange Announcement 29 April 2010 at 1 p.m. INVITATION TO A NEWS CONFERENCE ON INCAP 'S INTERIM REPORT Q1-2010 Incap will publish its interim report for January-March 2010 on Wednesday 
Two other sites will be included later on .
"In the spring 2006 
"The launch of the plant in June went well 
@Joerazorback This time I think $AAPL will miss again. Generally speaking market is near top when everyone thinks that market goes only up
NYSE owner ICE considers offer for LSE
"ADPnews - Jul 17 
"`` There 's the issue of thieves stealing them from building sites 
"It is necessary to strengthen the company 's operations 
Le Lay succeeds Walter G++nter and will be based in Finland .
ESPN Files Lawsuit Against Verizon - http://stks.co/i2Cj1 $VZ
"Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 56.5 mn 
"BAVARIA Industriekapital AG 's 2006 revenues were EUR 333 million 
The price will be specified at the completion date .
"Ethanol would be made from barley 
"Sales in Finland decreased by 2.0 % 
The expansion aims to attract new customers both in Finland and abroad .
"The order consists of capacity expansion 
The layoff talks were first announced in August .
$vxx starting to creep up while $spy sits near hod ...
"And when it has lifted the veil on the various types of customer for which it designs its phones 
"By implementing the software the Finnish Army aims to unify and improve its operations in these application areas 
"`` Each year 
"$WAC trade continuing very nicely from yesterday
"Finland-based companies 
1 April 2011 - Finnish machinery rental company Ramirent Oyj HEL : RMR1V said today it has acquired the assets of sector player Stavebni Doprava a Mechanizace SDM in the Czech Republic for an undisclosed sum .
"According to CapMan Plc 's Corporate Governance 
"The airline estimated that the cancellation of its flights due to the closure of European airspace 
$BAC $ADSK $NFLX long this morning
"Financial Statements include the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
"The company is involved in the the sale of financial products including insurance 
"The broker has initiated both Palfinger AG and Konecranes OYJ with ` buy ' recommendations 
"The most important export markets are Norway 
"In January-September 2007 
"Previously 
Tekla Group 's net sales for 2005 were approximately 38 million euros .
"At the same time 
Okmetic revised its 2010 financial outlook based on its order book .
"The bond 
"In the fourth quarter of 2008 
The online ice chart shows no ice in the area of Estonia 's sea ports on the coast of the Gulf of Finland .
"The money will be spent `` on strengthening the company 's competitiveness in the sphere of sawmill products and increasing the volume of wood delivered for processing in Russia 
"The Liquid Handling segment offers laboratory equipment and accessories 
"`` We are delighted to welcome Elisa to our Board of Directors 
AB InBev offers SABMiller $3 billion breakup fee
Synergy benefits will start to materialise in the second quarter .
"Pioneer Library System was one of 127 libraries 
ConAgra Names Former Hillshire Farms CEO Connolly to Top Post
Finnish department store group Stockmann is planning to acquire about EUR 141mn through a directed issue and a rights offering .
"The city will invite 
"`` Our decision and resolve on MeeGo is only stronger 
"According to Olvi 
- Provides summary of the medical equipment pipeline products that the company is developing .
"Tallink Silja attributes the significant drop to problems with the booking system that was taken into operation in October 
"In July-September 2009 
"Section : Regional News - The demand in Finnair 's Asian traffic 
"Operating profit 
"Salcomp 's charger manufacturing plant in India is located in the Nokia Telecom Park in the state of Tamil Nadu 
"Its board of directors will propose a dividend of EUR0 .12 per share for 2010 
"Furthermore 
"The program 
"The company recorded revenues of E658 .1 million during the fiscal year ended December 2007 
$AAPL $131 rally mode
Exact (EXAS) Flagged As Strong On High Volume $EXAS http://stks.co/r26Ra
MT @TheAcsMan Amazing seeing everyone suddenly touting $MSFT. Long been favorite covered call & double dip dividend play.
"FL Group 's private equity division manages all operating companies 
Finnish laboratory liquid handling and diagnostic test systems developer Biohit Oyj OMX Helsinki : BIOBV issued on Tuesday 3 June a profit warning for the financial year 2008 .
"The move is aimed at boosting sales 
"The company still expects its turnover in 2010 to slightly increase from the level of 2009 
"HELSINKI Thomson Financial - Shares closed little changed 
This corresponds to 6.81 percent of Okmetic 's share capital and voting rights .
"The total restructuring costs are expected to be about EUR 30mn 
"In January-September 2009 
$ROST Nov 90 calls 2.08 .. Go Long until exp imo ! Unless europeans keeps F'ing around !
"As much biomass will be used as can be sourced locally 
"$AAPL Taking out the shorts here
The company confirmed its estimate for lower revenue for the whole 2009 than the year-ago EUR 93.9 million USD 137.3 m as given in the interim report on August 5 .
Residents access to the block is planned to be from Aleksandri Street .
"CapMan 's first real estate fund 
The intent of the article was to focus attention on the fact that the development model that China had followed was very different than the model that India had followed .
"The financial impact is estimated to be an annual improvement of EUR2 .0 m in the division 's results 
"The tanks will be delivered to a company which is currently building a chemical tank farm in Antwerp 
The value of the deal has not been disclosed .
"For Q2 2010 
"The machine will have an annual production capacity of 200
"$WGO's BoD was right to reject the offer. That company is low because of the economy
"Risto Jalo 
The Company turnover amounted to MEUR 27.9 in 2007 .
Device volume in the area decreased by 21 % to 2.7 mn units .
"- Demand for fireplace products was lower than expected 
Some of the lay-offs will be implemented using part-time employment contracts .
"CapMan 
"Operating loss totaled EUR 0.8 mn 
"Demand seems to have hit bottom now 
"Apple expected to launch new iPhone
"Wayne Greensmith 
"Uncertainties still exist 
Operating profit decreased to EUR 11.2 mn from EUR 16.6 mn .
Currently Alfred A Palmberg is putting the finishing touches to one of Finland 's biggest ever re-plumbing and bathroom refurbishment projects also in the district of Vuosaari .
"The workforce will be reduced also in the Amsterdam office 
The company has exported into about twenty European countries as well as to Africa .
"`` We have analyzed Kaupthing Bank Sweden and found a business which fits well into Alandsbanken 
"With the launch of new 3G handsets 
"Sanoma also has an Executive Committee 
The deal means that ten persons in three countries will transfer to Tieto .
"Vaisala 's Present Weather Detector measures visibility up to 20 km 
"Cash flow after investments amounted to EUR45m 
"When the OMX market forwards mature on May 16 
The report contains category level company and brand share as well as distribution share information for 2007 and 2008 .
"China Unicom 
Intertek swings to Â£347 mln loss on oil's slump
Operating loss amounted to EUR 0.9 mn in the first half of 2006 compared to a profit of EUR 0.5 mn in the first half of 2005 .
"The company has delivered the technical infrastructure 
"Nonwovens and specialty papers 
"Outotec said it won new orders worth 492.9 mln eur during the quarter 
YIT Kausta will build commercial and residential highrises in Virsuliskes area .
"In addition to supplying a new headbox and a modern sizing and coating unit 
"20 October 2010 - Finnish environmental management company Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj HEL : LAT1V 
$GS is looking weak while this market is moving higher not a good sign. Unless $gs can get above 157. early short below 154.00 today.
"26 October 2010 - Finnish environmental management company Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj ( HEL : LAT1V ) 
Sanoma announced the Stock Option Scheme 2008 on 19 December 2008 .
"Philip Morris
"The other seats would go to Edgar Edmonds 
Ruukki announced that it has signed an agreement with Aker Solutions of Norway to supply 24 suction anchors in September 2010 from its Kalajoki unit in Finland .
"Finnish financial software developer Basware Oyj said today it will provide its invoice automation ( IA ) solution to an unnamed major retail company in the USA in a deal 
Barclays poaches new chief operating officer Paul Compton from JP Morgan Chase
Operating profit fell from EUR 7.9 mn in the second quarter of 2005 to EUR 5.1 mn in the second quarter of 2006 .
The share subscription period for stock options 2007A is between 1 April 2010 and 31 March 2012 .
"The company is in the process of building a new fleet and has placed orders for 10 P-Max tankers of 65
"`` The implementation of these programs has had 
Glaxo's ViiV Healthcare Signs China Manufacturing Deal With Desano
The ground barleycorn has been fully produced in Finland and will be available in stores as of the beginning of 2010 .
$FB bot some @78.47 breakout from the consolidation zone :D
"Saudi Aramco
"$INO Up
"Operating profit for the 12-month period decreased from EUR17 .9 m while net sales increased from EUR58 .3 m 
Finnish industrial group Ruukki Group Plc OMX Helsinki : RUG1V said on Friday 14 November that its furniture business segment Incap Furniture has concluded personnel negotiations that were started at the end of September .
The right margin will be viewed separately in detail with every customer .
The group had an order book of EUR 7.74 mn at the end of 2007 .
"In a separate announcement to the Helsinki stock exchange 
Priceline's stock jumps to new high for the year after Barclays upgrade
The transaction will take place without payment of merger consideration .
ARM Royalties Accelerate as Smartphone Market Regains Strength
The company expects net sales to significantly increase from 2009 .
The options might include a partial or total divestment of their shareholdings in Ovako .
Espoon kaupunki awarded contracts for personal care products .
The terms and conditions of the year 2003 stock option scheme were published in a stock exchange release on 31 March 2003 .
$BXS: BancorpSouth Announces Extension of Merger Agreements with ... http://stks.co/s2PDF
NORDIC BUSINESS REPORT-26 June 2006-Metso Corporation wins EUR50m equipment order in Australia -® 1998-2006 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTD The Finnish engineering and technology group Metso Corporation said on Monday ( 26 June ) that it has received a EUR50m equipment order in Australia .
"According to a report by Neomarkka 
$spy bumping its head on declining daily 8ma as overhead resistance. Then the big brother 50ma just above that.
"An acquisition of TeliaSonera would be France Telecom 's biggest since its 2000 purchase of Orange plc for  27.8 billion ( $ 55.1 billion ) and would create the world 's fourth-largest telecom company behind AT&T Inc. 
"The operating loss amounted to EUR 0.8 mn 
Solteq Plc ANNOUNCEMENT 16.12.2010 SHARE REPURCHASE 16.12.2010 In the Helsinki Stock Exchange Solteq Plc now holds a total of 486.969 shares including the shares repurchased on 16.12.2010 .
"Currently 
"In the reporting period 
The MET is located in the Central Business District ( CBD ) of Bangkok .
"Finnish shipping company Finnlines ' pretax loss totalled EUR 6.5 mn in the third quarter of 2009 
"`` Following last year 's good profit development 
"Kemira 's R&D organization comprises approximately 750 people 
"The company 's board of directors will propose a dividend of EUR 0.95 per share for 2008 at the annual general meeting 
`` I am extremely delighted with this project and the continuation of cooperation with Viking Line .
"Unit prices for straddle carriers vary between EUR700 
"The Bristol Port Company has sealed a one million pound contract with Cooper Specialised Handling to supply it with four 45-tonne 
Welcome !
"Tecnomen 's system features a new range of value-added services for prepaid and post-paid billing 
"The market share of Volkswagen passenger cars in Finland was 10.1 percent 
The proposal by the Board of Directors on the issuance of option rights will otherwise correspond to the proposal by the Board of Directors in the Notice to the General Meeting .
UPM-Kymmene has generated four consecutive quarters of positive Free Cash Flow .
Export accounts for about one tenth of the company 's annual turnover of one billion kroons .
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil had net sales of EUR 52.2 mn in the first quarter of 2007 
"Of the company 's net sales 
"Profit for the period totalled EUR 1.1 mn 
"Net interest income totaled EUR 15.9 mn 
No financial details were revealed .
"According to A-Rehu 's Managing Director 
"In a letter to Economic Affairs Minister 
Earnings per share ( EPS ) in 2005 decreased to EUR1 .87 from EUR1 .89 in 2003 .
Operating profit excluding non-recurring items was EUR 7.8 million compared to EUR 11.2 million .
The building will house product development and test laboratories .
"Tornio Works employs 2
"However 
`` There is no room to modify the share component as we have already indicated . ''
"The facility will have a lettable area of some 19
Is #Facebook's user engagement falling? https://t.co/tqMMt7N16X $FB https://t.co/sedqRWgdkt
"Finnish Vaahto Group that provides paper-making technology and process machinery is starting negotiations concerning the temporary lay-offs of all 140 employees at the company 's plants in Hollola and Tampere 
"Creating interfaces that are more similar to interactions in the real world can enable experiences that are more natural and intuitive 
"In addition 
Sales rose to 300.9 mln eur compared with last year 's 276.1 mln eur and in line with 299 mln eur consensus figure .
"In 2010 
$FB Dax says bye bye 2013 - finished a great yr w 28% plus!
"By acquiring RCP 
Profit for the period was EUR 15.6 mn compared to EUR 14.1 mn in 2007 .
"No price was given for the transaction 
$GTAT Will re-enter short on bounce...
"Kai Tulonen 
Finnish elevators and escalators maker KONE Corporation said on Tuesday ( 18 March ) that it has received a major order from Sir Robert McAlpine to supply all elevators and escalators for the Watermark Place project in the City of London .
"In the Baltic states the company reports net sales of EUR 11.9 mn 
Neither of the companies use genetically engineered soy at the moment .
Kirsi Rantanen was previously development director for HK Ruokatalo 's poultry business .
The company expects meat purchases to remain at about 8mn kilos in 2011 .
"Luxembourg-registered investment fund Amber Trust II has won the final approval of Lithuania 's Competition Council to acquire 29.6 percent of Sanitas 
Crown Castle buys Tower Development Corp for $461 million
"`` Tom Doring has a long and successful career in the drives business 
"European shares plunge
"Food sales totalled EUR 323.5 mn in October 2009 
"During the rally 
"Sales in Latin America increased by 42 % to EUR 432mn 
"The employer-employee talks concerned about 500 people 
$AAPL weekly still under the 50 moving average and creating a lower high. https://t.co/vT7ppzY2UY
Paper maker Stora Enso Oyj said Friday it has been acquitted of charges that it participated in a paper price-fixing conspiracy in the United States .
The Commission is to be applauded for applying a fact-based and data-driven approach and for providing clarity for future petitions .
"According to Scanfil 
The company 's operating profit for 2006 stood at 39.6 mln euro ( $ 57.9 mln ) .
Construction volumes meanwhile grow at a rate of 10-15 percent annually .
"When the situation normalises 
"In 2006 
"The price of the 10
As a part of the agreement 10 employees from the John Deere Forestry documentation functions will transfer to DokuMentori Oy .
"The area will also include some central buildings 
"The contractor of the shopping center 
I'm no professional ANAL-yst but I DO put my $ where my mouth is. $AAPL will do $575 b4 yr.endâ€”That's another hun from here.Long LEAPS =^.^=
The trucks feature an Eco Drive system - a fuel measuring tool which stores data particular to individual drivers .
Panostaja Oyj 's Board also decided at its organisational meeting held upon completion of the AGM to implement the AGM decision concerning Board member fees paid as shares in such a way that shares are transferred on a quarterly basis on the date following publication of the quarterly-annual report .
"$CTRP just broke resistance
The company confirmed its estimate for lower revenue for the whole 2009 than the year-ago EUR 93.9 million USD 137.3 m as given in the interim report on August 5 .
"On 25 August 2009 
The new chain has 700 discount stores and 250 supermarkets .
Earnings per share EPS in 2005 decreased to EUR0 .66 from EUR1 .15 in 2004 .
Operating profit for 2009 lower than outlook published earlier .
BioTie North-American licensing partner Somaxon Pharmaceuticals started a phase II-III clinical study in patients suffering from pathological gambling and a pilot phase II study in nicotine addiction smoking cessation .
The CVs of the proposed members are available for viewing from 12 March 2008 onwards on the Internet at www.sampo.com/ir .
Stora Enso Oyj said its second-quarter result would fall by half compared with the same period in 2007 .
The announced restructuring will significantly decrease the Company 's indebtedness .
"Finnish Bank of +àland reports operating profit of EUR 2.2 mn in the first quarter of 2010 
"EXEL COMPOSITES IN BRIEF Exel Composites is a technology company which designs 
"The platen edges in contact with the band are provided with a seal having a protrusion directed towards the middle area of the platen 
"The Point Village 
Tikkurila acquired a majority stake in Kolorit Paints in the autumn of 2004 .
"Following the issue 
"HK Ruokatalo produces many turkey products 
"treatment products in Usa 
These six agreements are the company 's first customer acquisitions in India since taking over TVS Electronics ' contract manufacturing facility in Jun 2007 .
"YIT acquired investment rights to a 10
My $DWA play up 6% today. I'm still skeptical. Will take profits. Not a time cheer
More than a third of the original participants dropped out due to nausea and other side effects .
The Finnish textiles and clothing company Marimekko Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : MMO1V ) reported on Wednesday ( 5 November ) an operating profit of EUR8 .1 m on net sales of EUR59m for the period from January to September 2008 .
$AMZN Going thru the roof needs a sell!
"Besides 
"The podcast 
"HUHTAMAKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 16.12.2008 AT 09:30 Huhtamaki Oyj has resolved to clarify the Group structure by separating the Foodservice and Consumer Goods businesses in its production unit in Hameenlinna 
"In 2010 
"Currently 
Ahlstrom 's share is quoted on the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki .
11 August 2010 - Finnish measuring equipment maker Vaisala Oyj HEL : VAIAS said today that its net loss widened to EUR4 .8 m in the first half of 2010 from EUR2 .3 m in the corresponding period a year earlier .
"In Finland 
AB InBev to sell more SAB assets as seeks EU deal approval
"Okmetic closed its plant in Espoo in early 2004 
Preparing for a Breakout Trade in Netflix $NFLX  https://t.co/CzHIX3tuAG $$ https://t.co/z1qb9xa4LD
"Community gardening has become a popular activity 
Martela is a front runner in providing innovative solutions and customer service Martela designs and supplies interior solutions for working environments and public spaces .
$ELN longs...congrats...another HOD
"Upon establishment 
"In October 
"RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) is a method of so-called intelligent transport 
"It is Estonia 's second-largest meat processing company by market share ( according to AC Nielsen 's 2008 data 
"Oil majors like Royal Dutch Shell
"In the Baltic countries 
"Operating profit for the nine-month period decreased from EUR19 .9 m while net sales increased from EUR155 .7 m 
"The plant will be fired with a combination of spruce bark 
"3 January 2011 - Scandinavian lenders Sampo Bank ( HEL : SAMAS ) 
"Operating loss before non-recurring items was EUR 0.9 mn 
Earnings per share were EUR -0.04 -0.06 .
The company confirmed its estimate for lower revenue for the whole 2009 than the year-ago EUR93 .9 m as given in the interim report on 5 August 2009 .
The company said it estimates to make a slight profit thanks to cost-cutting measures .
GlaxoSmithKline set to complete $20 billion Novartis asset swap next week
"Svyturys-Utenos Alus 
Each option right entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share at a subscription price of EUR0 .045 during the subscription period which ends on 31 December 2013 .
Alma Media 's net sales in 2009 totalled MEUR 307.8 with an operating margin of 13.5 per cent .
"In the building and home improvement trade 
"EQT has completed its exit from Salcomp 
"The new company will likely hold an IPO on the NYSE or another international stock exchange 
"OUTOTEC OYJ PRESS RELEASE 
"The evidentiary hearing in the Investigation is scheduled for April 21 - May 1 
Part of the reductions will be made through retirement arrangements .
Rio Tinto CEO says iron ore market at equilibrium
The company website is www.ahlstrom.com .
"After the acquisition 
"A replay will be available until 27 October 2006 in the following numbers : US callers : +1 617-á801-á6888 
The value of the three-year contract is estimated at EUR40m .
@Intuitiv $CLNE gasoline prices spike in California. http://stks.co/t1bOi
Pretax loss totaled EUR 117mn compared to a loss of EUR 65mn in the corresponding period .
"The Stena Poseidon is a so-called Panamax tanker 
Small investors have voiced fears that the shares will end up with risk investors .
"The contract also includes installation work in a new multistorey carpark for close on 1
The company said that its comparable operating profit for the January-June period fell short of last year 's corresponding performance .
"`` Several growth initiatives in the chosen geographic areas are already ongoing 
"The deal includes the entire personnel of PlanMill Oy 
"Kiosk and cinema operations have suffered 
"Besides 
"The latest result included per-share charges of 5 cents for stock compensation 
Pretax loss totalled EUR 162.3 mn compared to a profit of EUR 253.5 mn in 2007 .
Net sales have been eaten by the weak US dollar .
"To achieve synergy targets related to the acquisition 
"Earnings per share for January-June 2010 were EUR0 .30 
"The divestment is in line with the company 's plans to focus on selected growth segments and streamline corporate structure 
Border Guard Service has banned the mooring of the company car-shipping ferry on its test travel at the railroad-car terminal of the Russian port as the border checkpoint is not yet ready .
Asian traffic declined by 3.4 per cent .
Neste Shipping is the most likely to remain Finnish as the oil sector and its transports are significant for emergency supply .
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) declined to EUR 0.78 from EUR 1.76 .
REFILE-Aviva Investors to move 34 bln euros in assets from AXA fund arm
"The purchase price will be paid in cash upon the closure of the transaction 
"- The Group -¦ s sales during the period were EUR 31.6 million EUR 36.6 million 
"Advertising and circulation revenues grew by 3.4 % and by 0.4 % 
Tesco share price steady as analysts weigh in on results
Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj net profit went slightly down to 25.1 mln euro ( $ 40.2 mln ) for the first half of 2008 from 25.4 mln euro ( $ 40.7 mln ) for the same period of 2007 .
YIT Construction and the town of Riihim+ñki have signed a lease contract whereby the town will occupy the Travel Centre office facilities .
ALERT: New RSI signal created on $COST - Buy at 148.78 - Time: 14:19 - Strength: 10. Powered by https://t.co/MhOBzU3Rmx
The EUR 0.7 million non-recurring expenses have been recorded for the third quarter .
"Sales in local currencies decreased by 0.5 percent while the number of subscribers rose by 12.7 million to a total of 147.6 million at the end of fourth quarter 
Operating loss amounted to EUR 0.9 mn in the first half of 2006 compared to a profit of EUR 0.5 mn in the first half of 2005 .
"The relocation of Ragot has already started and will be completed in the next few weeks 
"The company plans to close two of the three lines at the plant 
"A worm set to activate Friday will corrupt documents using the most common file types 
CompaniesLSE adds ex-SEC head Schapiro to board
Panostaja did not disclose the purchase price .
"The Group 
The first stage of the contract covers 133 stores and 600 cash registers .
4 beaten-down Internet companies that may be ripe for a #takeover target: #Twitter $TWTR - #LinkedIn $LNKD - #Yahoo! $YHOO - #Groupon $GRPN
Shares of Nokia Corp. rose Thursday after the cell phone maker said its third-quarter earnings almost doubled and its share of the global handset market increased .
"You know that back seat? Don't sit in it. - $TSLA -> Tesla recalls 2
$ATHN Seems like a good short setup. Stop above the 50 day. No position.
"In Russia 
The financial details of the acquisition were not disclosed .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 12 
"Aviva
"The airline was targeting travel agents 
Finnish automation solutions developer Cencorp Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : CNC1V ) reported on Thursday ( 6 November ) an operating loss of EUR1 .3 m on net sales of EUR11 .9 m for the period January to September 2008 .
Both the net sales and operating profit were record high in the company 's history .
"This one was at one time targeted for June 5 
"Operating profit before non-recurring items was EUR 8.3 mn in the first nine months of 2008 
"Both operating profit and net sales for the six-month period increased 
"`` Small firms are suffering at the moment because they are likely to have money trouble 
"The competition was received with great enthusiasm by the employees 
"Paper companies were in negative territories 
"Maggie Ramsey 's wait - and those of thousands of Oregon and Washington guides 
"The OMX Helsinki index was down 0.34 pct at 8
"Kiosk and cinema operations have suffered 
"Nokia said it still expects to sell 150 more million Symbian devices in years to come 
Subscription sales decreased slightly .
"The Group 's consolidated net sales for 2009 totaled 1.5 billion euros and it employs approximately 10
TELECOMWORLDWIRE-7 April 2006-TJ Group Plc sells stake in Morning Digital Design Oy Finnish IT company TJ Group Plc said on Friday 7 April that it had signed an agreement on selling its shares of Morning Digital Design Oy to Edita Oyj .
$RNN staying above the open a very good sign!!!
A comprehensive range of cut-to-length and slitting services will allow Ruukki in particular to serve light engineering customers who relocate their production to the St. Petersburg area .
The new policy was also aimed at making the companies more profitable and competitive .
"Centrica extends gas deals with Gazprom
"Finnish Food Workers ' Union SEL plans to hasten its collective bargaining with a two-day strike that would begin on 7 April 2010 
"The building will house 
"Compagnie de Financement Foncier - Is to issue a benchmark 
$ETN UPGRADE today by MS to overweight.  Excellent company and leadership
The appointments will be in force until the new CEO has been appointed .
"The OMX Helsinki index was down 0.34 pct at 8
"HK Ruokatalo now accounts for about 50 % of poultry sales in Finland 
"Tikkurila has an interesting growth strategy 
"The total headcount reduction will be 50 persons 
$TSLA announces a recall and the stock doesn't sell off. This stock is teflon. Won't last forever.
"The estimated value of the contract is EUR12 .4 m. Vaisala 
2 Turnaround Buys For 2016? BHP Billiton plc And Home Retail Group Plc
Pivotal Research upgrading $GOOGL to buy.  https://t.co/LSahepdqhD    #stocktrading
The sales of the Tiimari segment fell by 4.0 % year-on-year to EUR3 .3 m in June 2010 .
"We can choose the most efficient 
New recommendation from Carl Kirst of BMO Capital Markets for $WMB is BUY.Price target is $62:http://stks.co/t0S0r
"The maximum obligated total trades per day is ISK 400
Each share is entitled to one vote .
Citigroup to Sell OneMain to Springleaf for $4.25 Billion
Peigs www.peigs.se will become part of Sardus Latta Maltider Light Meals unit .
"W+ñrtsil+ñ 's solution has been selected for its low fuel consumption 
"According to Heikkil+ñ 
The order was valued at USD12 .2 m.
The contract is worth some EUR 1 million .
"ADP News - Nov 6 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 9.6 mn 
The company reiterates its outlook for 2009 .
"Product deliveries will not be interrupted 
The issue came up in connection with discussion with local municipalities concerning the sale of water to industrial facilities .
The growth of net sales in the first half of 2008 has been 28 % compared with the first half of 2007 .
"Harold W. Young is an independent broker working closely with several retailers including Ahold USA 
Academics claim Google Android two-factor authentication is breakable. #security #authentication #hacking $goog https://t.co/nJx4mnrGLo
"Initially 
A new Kveyt light variety of Suomalainen Pekoni marketed under the Atria brand name is now available to consumers in Finland .
"`` I 'm happy with the outcome 
Supermarket Stocks Rally as Tesco Plans to Axe Non-core UK Assets $TSCO https://t.co/BmvhcrwREA
"Last year the company raised its turnover to approximately 7 million litas EUR 2 mln 
The company said that the fall in turnover had been planned .
"The decision means temporary lay-offs of fixed duration at the company 's Nastola and Jyvaskyla units 
"In the next few years 
"The total value of the agreement is USD4 .0 m 
"The fair value of investment properties totalled EUR 2
"Body ES Vostok also owns stakes in power sales companies MosenergosbytBody ( RTS : MSSB ) ( 50.9 % ) 
Germanwings disaster will not affect image of budget air travel - easyJet
UPDATE 1-BP shareholders back more disclosure on climate change risks
"Bilfinger investors cheered the agreement 
The contract includes an option to deliver an additional 75 ASCs in the next phases of the project .
Amazon declares 'best ever' Black Friday and Cyber Monday for Kindle family http://stks.co/cEtw via Engadget $AMZN
"Nokia will continue to invest in future development of Qt 
In 2008 Stockmann earned 3.398 million lats in profit on 48.012 million lats in turnover .
Intertek Group announces strategic update outlining its plan
"Turnover surged to EUR61 .8 m from EUR47 .6 m due to increasing service demand 
"EU regulators clear $100 billion-plus AB InBev
UPDATE 1-Meggitt reiterates annual outlook after tough 2014
"Target company : Tieto Corporation 
Exel wants to serve its industrial customers with individual products .
The measures taken will cause one-time costs during the final part of 2006 .
M+ñkel+ñ is demanding a new Board for the company as well as discussions on the merger of Alma media and media company Talentum .
Vaisala 's expertise in lightning data and information systems is based on extensive experience and investment in R&D .
As a result some 20 persons will no longer be needed .
Sales increased due to growing market rates and increased operations .
"Frost sold shares for $ 19 million at $ 6.06-7 .12 per share 
"$CHKP ABC Bullish Pattern
Sanofi poaches AstraZeneca scientist as new research head
$NSM ascending base breakout starting to gain traction; strong stock http://stks.co/gBSH
"In 2009 
"Sales came in at 241 mln eur 
Active shipping is essential for Finland .
"$TSLA lots of green on the 5 min
The other deal is for process cranes to the Russian steel mill PNTZ in Pervorouralsky through an order placed by Turkish construction company Gama Endustri Tesisleri Imalat ve Montaj AS .
"A few months ago 
"The Estonian electronic components factory 
"BP
Competition authorities will have to approve the deal before it can be finalized .
Mr. Koistinen joins from Nokia Siemens Networks where he has held various senior sales management and business development positions since 1997 .
$FB churning in high volume @ IPO price. Lot's of sellers trying to get out. Might take a while here to consolidate before moving higher.
"Finnish Scanfil 
Sales of security and system packaging increased slightly .
"Typically 
"Operating profit for the nine-month period decreased from EUR19 .9 m while net sales increased from EUR155 .7 m 
"According to Tiimari 
"The deal covers Stockmann Auto Oy Ab 's sales and after-sales services concerning Volkswagen and Audi in Helsinki 
Asahi could be about to snap up more of SABMiller's beers ahead of AB InBev sale
"Previously 
"M-real 
Capital base and capital adequacy measurement is based on approaches under Basel II .
"The dividend will be paid on April 15 
"Deliveries of Nokia 1112 
$TSLA You have to love these types of articles. SS interest rose on 12/15 on day before we hit our lows. http://stks.co/c1QKr
"`` Lining stone sales were also good in the early autumn 
"Should You Buy Jumbo Yielders British American Tobacco plc
Short-term licenses for the games cost as little as $ 3 while purchasing a game outright can cost as much as $ 10 or $ 15 .
"`` Our extensive co-operation will also bolster SysOpen Digia 's position in the domestic operator market 
"According to the CEO of Nordea Bank Estonia Vahur Kraft 
The volumes are expected to increase during the next few years .
"maybe closing all those $AAPL calls i had this morning was a bad idea
Incap estimates it will generate a revenue of 10 mln euro ( $ 13.2 mln ) from its Indian operations for 2007 .
"Additionally 
- Cash flow from operating activities before investments was EUR 7.6 million EUR 2.5 million .
`` Lemminkainen Talo Oy 's Lahti office is a significant logistics and business premises constructor .
$NUGT longer term bullish
"shock phase ' 
"Founded in 1649 
"Biohit said that it will reduce the number of leased personnel by 10 
"Scanfil 
"The OMX Nordic 40 OMXN40 index 
"Excluding non-recurring items 
"Also 
This amount will not be included in the pensionable salary .
$AAPL AUG 645 calls +550% .67c: http://stks.co/i9T3
"In Q1 of 2009 
Finnish Rautaruukki 's engineering division Ruukki Engineering will re-organise its operations in the Mo i Rana plant in Norway .
"To ensure low operational cost for radio networks 
"In Q1 of 2009 
CEO of the company Tarmo Noop said the growth in the sale of premium beers was the biggest .
Finnish fibers and plastics producer Suominen Corporation OMX Helsinki : SUY1V reported on Wednesday 22 October an operating loss of EUR0 .8 m on net sales of EUR55 .2 m for the third quarter of 2008 .
Deliveries have started and the network will be ready for a launch soon .
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Sales improved to SEK 1
Net sales fell by 5 % from the previous accounting period .
"Last year 
Japan's Asahi to submit bid next week for SABMiller's Grolsch and Peroni - Yomiuri
"Operating result showed a loss of EUR 2.9 mn 
"Operating loss before non-recurring items was EUR 0.9 mn 
What would you like to see changed on Nokia 's next attempt ?
The company will release its 2010 results on 11 February 2011 .
"The orange-handled scissors from Fiskars are part of the permanent design collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York 
And U.S. energy executives say high steel prices are threatening energy exploration .
"Currently 
"Fiskars 
Chief executive officer Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo 's changes on Tuesday mark the third time in nine months the company has reshuffled executives and operations as Nokia loses ground to Apple 's iPhone and RIM 's BlackBerry .
Nokia s U.S. shares were 3.3 percent lower at $ 12.73 by 1750 GMT .
"Operating profit for the 12-month period decreased from EUR157 .5 m 
"A total of 1
"At this stage 
This acquisition supports our strategy of being close to our customers all around the world offering both equipment and related services .
Barclays Bonds Rise as Lender Cuts Dividends to Shore Up Capital
$INVE : SEE YA ABOVE $8
The Group 's revenue in 2009 amounted to EUR 70 million and the company currently employs approximately 780 people .
"Estonian telecoms company Elisa 's customer numbers cross 400
Construction is expected to be completed in the summer of 2011 .
Poyry is a global expert in consulting and engineering .
"Vaisala Oyj Stock exchange release 26.03.2010 klo 09.00 1 ( 1 ) The Annual General Meeting of Vaisala Oyj decided on March 25 
Net sales increased to EUR193 .3 m from EUR179 .9 m and pretax profit rose by 34.2 % to EUR43 .1 m. ( EUR1 = USD1 .4 )
Operating profit in the fourth quarter went down to EUR3m from EUR4 .2 m for the corresponding period of 2009 as it included costs of growth projects .
COMPTEL CORPORATION Sami Ervio President and CEO Distribution : NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Major media Comptel Dynamic OSS solutions enable telecom service providers to deliver services flexibly and charge them effectively .
`` Our Vaalipalvelu-service was especially developed for use by communities and organizations .
The announcement comes two weeks before a key licensing agreement expires between between the two companies which are embroiled in a disagreement over royalty payments for Texas Instrument chips which use Qualcomm-patented technology .
According to an  posted by the World Intellectual Property Organization : `` The present invention relates to hydrocarbons and particularly to the manufacture of hydrocarbon components suitable as aviation fuels or jet fuels and as blending stocks for aviation fuels .
"The orders consist in total of over 1
The company supports its global customers in developing new technologies and offers a fast route from product development to applications and volume production .
"At 10.33 am 
Imperial Tobacco Adds Quarterly Dividends After Profit Rose
$NFLX +1% $104.80 LONG streaming services rapidly outpacing traditional cable
"The buyer is real estate owner Propertos Oy 
"However 
Airbus has 100 firm orders for the A350 and 89 nonbinding commitments .
"Den Bosch-based TomTom is Europe 's largest maker of automotive navigation devices 
Also construction expenses have gone up in Russia .
Double bottom with handle buy point of 56.49 $WMT http://chart.ly/ml857v3
"Aspo Plc STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE February 11 
UPDATE 1-Lloyds to cut 945 jobs as part of 3-year restructuring plan
"`` After a long 
"Aspocomp Group 
"The Economic Development and Trade Ministry and Industry and Energy Ministry 
$RIMM $spx $nya $compq $djia all going down
"9 September 2010 - Finnish stationery and gift retailer Tiimari HEL : TII1V said today its net sales rose by 2 % year-on-year to EUR5 .7 m in August 2010 
M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within information on on the world wide web .
"In a note to clients published 
"The firm 's UK head office is in Rugby Road 
"The OMX Nordic 40 ( OMXN40 ) index 
"In addition to software development 
CRH's concrete bid for Holcim Lafarge assets
"Net sales for the financial year 2006 are expected to amount to about EUR20m and the operating result EBIT is expected to be a loss 
"Seller is the Finnish Elcoteq Group 
Sales at the unit slumped last year after the industry was hit by poor snowfall in the major resorts in the winter of 2006-07 .
"Salcomp Oyj 
Finnish Cargotec has been awarded a significant order for a total of 292 Hiab loader cranes by BAE Systems in the US .
The company expects its net sales for the whole 2009 to remain below the 2008 level .
The employee negotiations are to address measures needed to adjust the operations to the present production situation .
"DJI overbought: $AAPL
"Steve Jackson 
"`` We 're delighted with the move '' says Morna Cowie 
"Via the plant 
"The money will be spread mainly over 2011 and 2012 
"At this growth rate 
The agreement strengthens our long-term partnership with Nokia Siemens Networks .
"These sections will be put into place to form the load-bearing steel structure of the bridge 
"The production capacity can be tripled without any major additional investments 
SABMiller buys Meantime to quench thirst for craft beer
Finnish Outotec has been awarded a contract to supply a new zinc roaster with gas cleaning and sulphuric acid plant for the OZK Kardzhali zinc smelter in Bulgaria .
"The customer is then forwarded to the site 
"CapMan 
L&T 's net profit for the whole 2010 dropped to EUR 36 million from EUR 45 million for 2009 .
Vacon recently announced plans to build its North American headquarters at 5 Business Park in Chambersburg .
"Incap 
"Pretax loss totalled EUR 49.9 mn 
"The Vaisala Group is a successful international technology company that develops 
Earnings per share EPS in the first quarter amounted to a loss of EUR0 .20 .
"SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Nokia Corp 
"production facilities 6 July 2010 - Finnish investment group Neomarkka Oyj ( HEL : NEMBV ) said today that it will buy the former production facilities of Kuitu Finland Ltd 
Valeant CEO Pledges to Heed Critics After `Painful' Experience
Vacon 's cash flow from operations grew to EUR 37.1 mn from EUR 21.9 mn a year ago .
Valeant Said to Name New CEO With Pearson Still Hospitalized
"Seven-month sales of Ragutis 
These companies will be able to keep their market positions .
"`` After this purchase 
"Operating profit was EUR 11.07 mn 
Pentik+ñinen emphasises that the most of the internet contents media houses provide can not be free forever .
"Dopplr members share personal and business travel plans privately with their networks 
The company now estimates its net sales in 2010 to increase considerably from 2009 and its operating result to be clearly positive .
Currency conversions are based on exchange rates at the time of the deal .
$INTC finally some nice downside move... looking for the 31 handle to break
"Efore 's presence here also opens up new and interesting development opportunities for our students 
@NASDboy I think the DNF crew can get this $NFLX short into the next 30 days heading into earnings
"In the building and home improvement trade 
The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement .
London Stock Exchange seals Â£22 billion merger with Germany's Deutsche BÃ¶rse
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) rose to EUR 0.52 versus EUR 0.09 .
Finnish media company Talentum Oyj 's net profit decreased to 2.5 mln euro ( $ 4.0 mln ) for the first quarter of 2008 from 3.0 mln euro ( $ 4.7 mln ) for the same period of 2007 .
Prices and delivery volumes of broadband products decreased significantly in 2005 .
LONDON MORNING BRIEFING: HSBC And Standard Chartered Shares Rise
@Dojiknows th SP and the potential of QNX BES10 and BBM  cross platform will bring good news in time $bbry
"`` There 's the issue of thieves stealing them from building sites 
`` The Government has had a very professional approach in assessing the offer .
Travis Perkins Hikes Dividend 20% As Profit And Revenue Rise
Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP : 4 118 122 shares representing 5.19 % of the share capital and voting rights .
"In the fourth quarter of 2009 
"BAWAG - Is to issue a benchmark 
Outotec 's net profit for the second quarter of 2007 jumped to 16.8 mln euro ( $ 23.1 mln ) from 4.6 mln euro ( $ 6.3 mln ) a year ago .
"Fortum expects its annual capital expenditure in the next four to five years to be within a range of EUR 0.8-1 .2 billion 
"Since the association 's data do not cover sales figures from about 100 small local breweries and sales of imported beer products 
The per-share subscription price of the shares subscribed with the option rights was EUR 1.35 .
Altia 's operating profit jumped to EUR 47 million from EUR 6.6 million .
Nokia Siemens Networks has struggled to make a profit in the past two years .
"The Vuokatti unit will be developed to focus especially on the manufacture of prototypes 
"An  of the invention 
The group reiterated its forecast that handset manufacturers will sell around 915 mln units this year globally .
The earnings in the comparative period included a capital gain of EUR 8mn from the sale of OMX shares .
$fb small long 109.25 via calls
"Again 
Finnish component supplier Componenta Corporation OMX Helsinki : CTH1V said on Monday 16 June that it is changing its pricing cycle due to the increase of raw material prices .
"Financial 
G4S slides on balance sheet worries
"2010 16 July 2010 - Finnish steel maker Rautaruukki Oyj HEL : RTRKS 
As an overall effect of the above-mentioned measures Glaston will recognize non-recurring expenses of EUR 12 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Operating profit rose to EUR 3.2 mn from EUR 1.0 mn in the corresponding period in 2008 .
The company reported net sales of 302 mln euro $ 441.6 mln and an operating margin of 16 pct in 2006 .
Merged LSE and Deutsche BÃ¶rse would be led by Germany's Kengeter
"The total delivery volume of paper businesses in 2010 was 1
"With the acquisition 
"Together with Latvia 
"The value of the contract is about EUR1 .0 m. Poyry 
"`` Subscribers can browse free numbers with their handset 
Connectivity Services include outsourced Scan and Capture which transfers paper invoices into electronic format and Basware Business Transactions Service enables the customer to receive and send invoices in an electronic format .
"At the same time 
"The Board of Directors proposes to the Shareholders ' Meeting on 18 March 2010 that the company would pay dividend for the financial year January 1 - December 31 
RBS chairman admits surprise at size of regulatory penalties
Ramirent Finland is the domestic unit of machinery rental company Ramirent Oyj HEL : RMR1V .
"Like all other mechanical pipettors from Biohit 
"Earlier today 
The invention carries International Patent Publication No. .
"Blyk is launching first in the UK market in mid-2007 
Petrofac books further Â£30m cost for Shetland gas terminal delays
"Swedish engineering consultant firm Etteplan is to establish a unit in town Borl+ñnge 
"The agreement was signed with Biohit Healthcare Ltd 
Finland 's Poyry Energy has won a contract to advise builders of a new cogeneration power plant in Lithuania 's second-biggest city of Kaunas and to supervise the construction process .
"@Dlerch LOL! $FMCN back under $17
The total value of the deliveries is some EUR65m .
"Also
` Nordic infrastructure construction is one of our strategic growth areas .
These share transactions are part of the company 's strategy of relinquishing assets that are not part of its core business .
Net sales decreased to EUR 91.6 mn from EUR 109mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"CompaniesandMarkets.com provides a wide range of research reports 
"Technopolis has Finnish operations in Oulu 
"EPS from continuing operations came in at 0.30 eur 
"When open next year 
"European stocks hover near 3-week low
The value of the deal is estimated at between SEK25m and SEK50m .
"The company said that its investments in the new market areas resulted in sales increase in Sweden 
"Operating profit was EUR -0.1 mn 
"As part of the reorganisation measures that will take place in spring 2006 
The output of the contracts totals 72 MWe .
"As capacity was cut with 1.4 % 
$YELP This goes green and so many shorts are toast!
"YIT 's Baltic sales in the first three quarters of 2008 totaled 106.2 million euros 
"The new Kroksberg railway tunnel will be built on a new section of track between Harnosand and Veda 
VIVUS $VVUS bear raid in effect. Stock down 12%
"Erkki Jarvinen 
"Red Daily Triangle on $SHOR
"ADP News - Feb 13 
Fortum is now considering taking part in nuclear energy projects outside of Finland .
"The 50-50 joint venture 
"The Company operates through four principal divisions : Consumer Packaging ; Office Papers ; Speciality Papers 
"zip 
Tesco shareholders back ITV head for chairman
"Subscribers of China Unicom 
Currently the quarterly applied surcharges differ significantly from the actual market prices .
"$KNDI Break that HOD on volume
"The parties have also agreed that L+ñnnen Tehtaat has the right to sell the remaining shares in Suomen Rehu to Hankkija-Maatalous 15 months after the purchase of the majority holding 
4 ) Complete name of the shareholder : Otto Henrik Bernhard Nyberg 5 ) Further information : The amount of shares now transferred corresponds to 5.68 % of the total number of shares in Aspo Plc. .
UNC Charlotte would also deploy SSH Tectia Connector to enable secure application connectivity .
Also Chile is an important market area for forest machine companies .
"The developers of that project predict that once it is completed in April 2009 
"The operating loss amounted to EUR 0.8 mn 
"The most popular mobile data services are email 
"Telecom has a foreign investment limit of 74 % 
18 March 2010 A leakage in the gypsum pond was detected today at the Talvivaara mine .
Following the increase the company+óEUR TM s capital totals 5.5 mln Romanian lei $ 1.98 mln-1 .56 mln euro .
Radiation and today is a full service house expert in radiation and nuclear safety issues .
"Tesla Motors recalls 2
"Finnish flexible packaging manufacturer Suominen Corporation reports net sales of EUR 54.5 mn in the first quarter of 2008 
"New Delhi 
"$amzn 4 period RSI is down at 20
"Koff 's market share of the volume of the market was 23.4 % 
"PGE Belchatow runs the 4.44 GW Belchatow coal-fired power plant 
The Board of Directors was authorized to decide on other terms of the share issue .
"Net income from life insurance rose to EUR 16.5 mn from EUR 14.0 mn 
Can Christmas Save Sainsbury's plc And Tesco plc?
"In 2007 
"The program included operational improvements and reductions in personnel 
`` Our customer has been satisfied with Basware Invoice Automation solution and extends the implementation to new geographies .
The growth of net sales has continued favourably in the Middle East and Africaand in Asia Pacific .
The company will propose a dividend of EUR0 .12 per share for 2008 .
$AMCN pushing highs
"Both operating profit and net sales for the 12-month period increased 
"Key shareholders of Finnish IT services provider TietoEnator Oyj on Friday rejected a hostile EUR1 .08 billion $ 1.67 billion offer from buyout shop Nordic Capital 
"Operating loss totalled EUR 0.3 mn 
"Currently 
$AAPL wants lower. up waves getting smaller on the 2 min
The planned ethanol and energy production plant can operate in correlation with a waste treatment unit or a paper mill .
Basic banking activities continued as normal .
Raisio is the site of the main production plants as well as company headquarters .
Tesco sells Blinkbox and broadband service to TalkTalk
"In Switzerland 
Ahlstrom 's share is quoted on the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki .
"The composite body is coated with a hard coating layer produced by thermal spraying 
"- Demand for fireplace products was lower than expected 
"Net sales of Kyro 's main business area 
Sales fell abroad but increased in Finland .
Fiskars will be undertaking community projects throughout the UK and they are also on the lookout for local volunteers who are interested in helping out with the selected restoration projects .
"Elcoteq SE Stock Exchange Announcement February 4 
Nasdaq Sets Up for Breakout Part II | via @AllStarCharts http://stks.co/15Nv  $GOOG $AMZN $QCOM
The aim is an annual improvement in Ruukki Construction 's operating profit of more than EUR 3 million USD 4.1 m starting in 2009 .
"Our in-depth expertise extends to the fields of energy 
"UK housing market steadies after Brexit dip
Ponsse will divide its sales and maintenance service network into six geographical areas .
"After the transaction 
Pharmaceuticals group Orion Corp reported a fall in its third-quarter earnings that were hit by larger expenditures on R&D and marketing .
"In food trade 
Why I'd Buy ARM Holdings plc And BHP Billiton plc Today
$AAPL http://stks.co/1LDx Clearing this descending trend line / buy area now
Novartis buys remaining rights to GSK treatment in deal up to $1 billion
"It 's even a little bit higher than Yara 's multiples on itself 
"Teollisuuden Voima Oyj 
"Lifetree was founded in 2000 
The shares subscribed will be eligible for trade on the following day from the registration .
"Handelsbanken ranked before Local Cooperative Banks and Aktia in customer loyalty this time too 
"One of the opportunities would be to bring all Baltic meat processing to Rakvere 
"Net sales of Kyro 's main business area 
@Renatta @Fr0van @kjepeneter @RPTL  Strong close 4 $PLNR  coming
"This action follows personnel negotiations concerning Elcoteq SE 
"`` Uncommonly weak snow conditions in nearly every market have affected our first quarter result 
"Currently it operates a fleet of eight carriers 
"The company 's profit before taxes fell to EUR 21.1 mn in the third quarter of 2008 
Profit taking on $AAPL this morning?  That has to be the pressure on the stock.  I'm still bullish on $AAPL.
The capital structure of Solidium may be complemented by other financial instruments in the future .
The transaction is planned to be financed with a EUR40m market-based loan granted by Standard Chartered Bank Hong Kong .
"Jon Risfelt has previously held operational executive positions in Europolitan 
Hobby Hall 's sales decrease 26 pct due to implementing a new information system that involved changing in the principal of posting sales .
@mugatushair Now it is time to short $TSLA
"In Q1 of 2009 
The contract involves refurbishing the bathrooms of 189 units as well as re-plumbing their water and sewer pipes .
The total project duration is three years and it is valued at some EUR11 .5 m.
"The total floor area of the plant expansion is 29
`` Printed fabrics and related design expertise have always been the core of Marimekko 's business and brand .
"$DNN picked some up
"In January-September 2010 
"The period-end cash and cash equivalents totaled EUR6 .5 m 
"Tulikivi manufactures heat-retaining 
"`` We have a group of 120 volunteers made up of Digicel employees who will manage the distribution ... Over the next week 
"In Finland 
"TeliaSonera 's underlying results however included 457 mln skr in positive one-offs 
$HCP Come to the party and buy this -gonna give solid gains and a dividend $$$$$$
The phones are targeted at first time users in growth markets .
Revenues at the same time grew 14 percent to 43 million euros .
Drugmaker Shire to buy Baxalta for $32 billion after 6-month pursuit
"Full-year net sales are expected to increase by approximately 10 % 
"The tightened competition situation in the production automation market has affected net sales during 2006 
A survey conducted by Taloustutkimus for Sampo Life shows that companies are badly prepared to losing key staff members .
The company slipped to an operating loss of EUR 2.6 million from a profit of EUR 1.3 million .
$FB Nice buyable intraday dip right here
"@BrooklynBandit: $SIMO Basing nice. A close over 24.18 is bullish $QQQ $SPY $STUDY watch for a close near HOD. Currently up +3%"" up +5%"
"Via the takeover 
"All the ferries had run into trouble just outside the Stockholm archipelago 
According to Deputy MD Pekka Silvennoinen the aim is double turnover over the next three years .
The proposal of the shareholders to elect Mr. Hannu Krogerus to the Board is based on his long and unrivalled experience and knowledge of all matters related to Elcoteq .
The company 's board of directors would propose a dividend of EUR1 .00 per share for 2005 .
He said things will be different when new Finnish nuclear power stations go into operation and the large hydro powered stations of northern Europe have a good year .
"The fair value change of investment properties was EUR 15.8 mn 
Marimekko is considering further measures in the matter .
Why $TWTR is doomed in 1 chart $FB $GOOG  https://t.co/MpyLiReQjh https://t.co/nlcZawDoHP
"N +1 Group will pay EUR16 .5 m of the transaction price upon closing 
"Vehvilainen 
Our Canned-preserved food in Finland report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level .
The economic occupancy rate of Sponda 's property portfolio rose to 91.2 % from 88.8 % in 2006 .
The value of the contracts is about EUR 3.3 mn .
MarketsShire up 2.5% and Baxalta up 6% on $32bn deal
Finnish Bank of +àland will launch its long-term pension savings account at the beginning of June 2010 .
"ALEXANDRIA 
"He does not believe 
`` We are selling an information systems development business to the Finns .
"Finnish Suominen Corporation that makes wipes 
RusHydro has an agreement to transfer its stakes in OESK and the five ERCs into the trust management of Inter RAO .
"Kaleva Kustannus Oy ( business ID 0187274-0 ) has 
"Glaston 
"Mformation and Nokia noted they have established interoperability agreements that cover commercially proven 
Buyback not trending right ( $CPIX spending more as shares pricier). Hopefully will pull back w 6.87 Q2 closing VWAP
"The company 's annual loss amounted to EEK 18mn 
"The original name Componenta +àm+Ñl 
"HELSINKI AFX - Salcomp 
"NAVTEQ has a commanding lead in installed map data systems in North American vehicles and may be the leader in turn-by-turn navigation data offered by services such as OnStar in North America 
"Companies evaluated in the report include Aladdin 
Around 50 percent of the world 's ro-ro fleet is over 25 years old and needs to be scrapped for environmental reasons .
"In the first quarter of 2010 
"Aldata Solution Oyj Stock Exchange Release 11 August 2006 
The Insolvency Act regulates the amount of debt that borrowers are permitted to write off .
The investment will be worth approximately EUR 100mn .
The company is presently examining whether the project would be financially feasible .
Also Lemmink+ñinen 's profit for accounting period went up to EUR 3.1 mn from EUR -24.5 mn a year ago .
"The start of the negotiations 
The continued operations mean the structure after the restructuring of the Aspocomp group including Aspocomp Oulu and the headquarter operations .
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of EUR0 .05 .
"The reasons behind the estimate include the rise in 2008 rent levels and several fully-leased office and retail properties 
The shares carry a right to dividend and other shareholder rights as from their registration with the Finnish Trade Register .
$NFLX I say it's time to short at this point.
"2nd raise this year.  ""@BVHealthcare: $QCOR Questcor Increases Quarterly Cash Dividend 20 Percent.. http://stks.co/goan"""
Aviva shuts Friends Life head office in rapid integration move
The move was triggered by weak demand for forestry equipment and the uncertain market situation .
"However 
"The Division also includes joint sales 
"Outotec 's delivery covers the engineering 
"As a result 
"Result before taxes decreased to nearly EUR 14.5 mn 
The majority of the company 's personnel in Finland is temporarily laid off from one to six weeks in the period from February to June 2009 period .
The company reported today an operating loss of EUR0 .1 m on net sales of EUR4 .5 m for the first quarter 2008 .
The GyPSii mobile social networking application is available in China with both Chinese and English language support .
QPR ProcessGuide is available as a system solution with centralized storage and management of process content as well as a standalone desktop version ; QPR ProcessGuide Xpress .
X marks the recall: Tesla recalls #ModelX for faulty 3rd row seat. https://t.co/HSqdoVry07 $TSLA https://t.co/4Cs3CNZEBB
A 2001 agreement expired earlier this month .
loading $SPY and $AAPL puts. think were toppy IMHO.
"So far 
The measures result from the statutory joint negotiations with employees which started in February and concerned all operations in the country .
"When the negotiations were started 
"According to Arokarhu 
"$AAPL double bottom could be in
"F-Secure Internet Security 2010 is a security service for surfing the web 
Orion Pharma 's operating profit increased by 42.5 % from 2004 .
"The changes will take effect on 1 January 2010 
"The recruitment is related to the relocation of Stora Enso 's research operations to Karlstad 
Operating loss totaled EUR 25mn compared to a profit of EUR 63mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"Profitability ( EBIT % ) was 13.6 % 
"This new representation extends Comptel 's global presence to a total of 18 countries 
"Elisa Corporation will disclose its financial statements for 2006 on Thursday 
"The company 
The deliveries are scheduled for the summer and autumn of 2008 .
"Lule+Ñ municipality has awarded YIT a 2-year contract 
GSK and Novartis complete deals to reshape both drugmakers
It is expected to be online by 2011 .
Legal & General arm buys 50 pct stake in MediaCityUK in Manchester
Quality chargers under CHARGZ brand are sold in selected retail stores and other sales locations world-wide .
Passengers rise at EasyJet and Aer Lingus
Operating profit rose to EUR 4.7 mn from EUR 4.6 mn .
Central Europe is an important market area for Honka .
A total of $ 78 million will be invested in the project .
"Motorola accounted for 11.5 percent of the South Korean handset market as of the end of April 
"$IFF technical alerts: Stochastic Sell Signal
"On the basis of competitive bidding OOO Kitai Stroi 
British American Tobacco drops and sues PwC over pollution scandal
"The group posted net sales of 35.3 mln euro $ 46.5 mln and an operating profit of 760
"Clothing retail chain Sepp+ñl+ñ 's sales increased by 8 % to EUR 155.2 mn 
The facility consists of a seven year bullet term loan of 200 mln euro $ 292.4 mln and a 150 mln euro $ 219.3 mln five year revolving credit facility .
"`` In terms of profitability and earnings 2007 was the best year in our history 
Closing of such transaction took place today .
"In addition 
"The Annual Report will be sent automatically to shareholders holding at least 2
UPM-Kymmene is one of the world 's leading printing paper producers with production in 15 countries and a sales network covering more than 170 companies .
"` The stable outlook reflects Nokia 's strong market position in the global mobile handset market 
"Nokia will continue to invest in future development of Qt for the benefit of all users 
$HITK  Resuming advance into new historical highs.
`` NTC has a geographical presence that complements Ramirent 's existing network and brings us closer to our customers in the East Bohemia region in the CzechRepublic . ''
"Metso is a global supplier of sustainable technology and services for mining 
"Biohit Oyj develops 
"New Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Viking Line manages well with its current ferries .
"When dialing in 
The objective of the St. Petersburg office is first to boost the Company 's maintenance business .
Operating profit totaled EUR 17.7 mn compared to EUR 17.6 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
- Net sales for the period are expected to fall well below that of last year and the result after non-recurring items is expected to be in the red .
`` We have the most expensive water brand in Finland at the moment . ''
"France T+®l+®com spent more time studying TeliaSonera than other potential takeover targets because it has a shareholder that wants to sell 
"$BRK.B $SPY  All time high tomorrow? 150k on the A shares
Salonen added that data shows producers ' pulp inventories in North America are declining . '
`` Marimekko aims to expand its distribution network primarily by increasing the number of concept stores and shop-in-shops .
SRV lowered its net sales estimate for the whole of 2008 due to uncertainties in housing sales .
$AWR Standard & Poor's Affirms 'A+' Credit Rating at American States Water Company and Golden State Water Company http://stks.co/f2P94
"According to CEO Kai Telanne 
Seat belt recall? who cares....  I'm a buyer $TSLA
Randgold profit hit by poor gold price but dividend still increases
"( ADP News ) - Jan 22 
Finnish Raute Precision that supplies weighing and dosing systems and plants is changing its name to Lahti Precision .
$AAPL at resistance right here...sold my shares...will buy back if it dips or if it goes in the 128 gap zone
EuroChem Head of Corporate Finance Alexander Gavrilov said : `` I am pleased that we have once again confirmed that EuroChem is able to attract long-term funds at attractive rates .
"In Q1 of 2009 
The robust growth was the result of the inclusion of clothing chain Lindex in the Group in December 2007 .
CompaniesDixons Carphone to close 134 UK stores as sales jump
"Elcoteq Dongguan was established in 1999 in the Nancheng District of Dongguan 
The measures result from decreased demand in technical design and product information .
"Kraft
"The currency effect had a 3.0 pct 
$SPY bull move ended waiting for next setup
Analysts impressed with progress at Tesla's flagship factory; co spent $1.6B on upgrades in '15 https://t.co/SABxCSn8cd by @tsrandall $TSLA
$ISRG Break out confirmed. Bought Leaps. Good trading!
"The highest growth would be in China 
"from BUSINESS LINE 
I am not optimistic about $amzn both fundementals and charts look like poopoo this quarter.
He said he has been losing five families a month to the economy as many make alternative arrangements to save money .
"The ship cranes 
Finnish fibers and plastic products maker Suominen Corporation said its net loss from continuing operations narrowed to 1.8 mln euro ( $ 2.3 mln ) in 2006 from 3.7 mln euro ( $ 4.8 mln ) in 2005 .
AB InBev's Latest Bid Said Unlikely to Win SABMiller's Approval
The company 's equipment rental portfolio consists primarily of tools for small and mid-sized customers in the construction industry .
It is a disappointment to see the plan folded .
"Pretax loss totalled EUR 49.9 mn 
Operating profit rose to 22.1 mln eur from 19.9 mln .
"At 1.33 pm 
"The segment has an annual revenue of approximately EUR400m 
"We are very pleased with the fine co-operation between the two countries in recent times 
"Cramo 
"We also strengthen our existing partnership with Cybercom '' 
"On 20 March 2006 
Operating profit increased to EUR 14.0 mn from EUR 4.9 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
$ZNGA http://stks.co/3rdu Looking for a test at 9.25 resistance point. cc @ cfrazierjr @FletchTrade #traders
"Previously 
SWOT analysis is just one method of categorization and has its own weaknesses .
Merrill Lynch analyst Campbell Morgan upgraded his recommendation on PaperlinX from `` neutral '' to `` buy '' in May .
"A coker crane will be supplied to Tesoro Corporation 's Golden Eagle Refinery in Martinez 
The group 's 12-month operating profit grew 31 percent to 337.8 million euros .
- Counter your competitor 's strengths and target their weaknesses .
Return on capital employed ROCE was a negative 2.3 % compared to 11.3 % in 2007 .
"$LULU http://stks.co/o17i Bounced off support early in week - now indicators turning up (RSI
Cargotec 's business areas also include the container handling solutions business area Kalmar and the marine cargo handling and offshore load handling solutions business area MacGREGOR .
"`` We continued actively to focus R&D and to position our offering away from point solutions towards dynamic end-to-end solutions 
$AAPL - Has broken its downtrend - but 200DMA proving to be stiff resistance short term. https://t.co/VlzlgvIHZV
"In 2009 
"NORDIC BUSINESS REPORT-17 January 2006-Efore Plc inaugurates new plant in Estonia -® 1998-2006 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTD Finnish power electronics manufacturer Efore Plc said on Tuesday ( 17 January ) that it was inaugurating its new plant in Parnu 
"The total value of the project is estimated to be over 3.0 mln euro $ 4.4 mln 
Reed Elsevier share price slides on underwhelming full-year results
"Technopolis has set aside a plot of land measuring 4.6 hectares to build the park 
GyPSii service supports ten different languages including Korean and Russian .
The company turned to earnings per share ( EPS ) of EUR 0.03 versus loss per share of EUR 0.01 .
The company does not at present hold any of its own shares .
The estimated value of the deal is USD 9.2 million .
"In future 
"As a result of these transactions 
"Revenue in July to September grew 14 percent to ( EURO ) 467 million from a year earlier 
4 February 2011 - Finnish privacy and security software developer Tectia Oyj ( HEL : TEC1V ) said Wednesday it has set up two strategic business units - managed security and mobile authentication .
"SDM offers general rental equipment 
$tsla bad day to short
"Nokia controls more than 50 percent of phone sales in India and Africa 
$CYTX looks like an ascending channel on Finfiz http://stks.co/f26r4
Storengy is the GDF SUEZ company that is dedicated to the underground storage of natural gas .
30 November 2009 - Finnish office furniture maker Martela Oyj HEL : MARAS said today that it will make redundant three people and other nine will be laid off permanently from the company 's office staff and factory workers .
"Panostaja owns a 68.77 pct of share capital and the voting rights of Suomen Helasto shares following an exchange of shares which was carried out on May 30 
The financial details of the transaction were not disclosed .
"The two companies will also partner in further developing Raiso 's cholesterol lowering brand 
$NUGT Gold above 1400...wow
Diageo sales disappoint as currency and comparatives leave bitter taste
Finnish M-real 's Kyro mill is starting negotiations to cut staff .
LONDON MarketWatch -- Share prices ended lower in London Monday as a rebound in bank stocks failed to offset broader weakness for the FTSE 100 .
Shares in BAE Systems hit 10-month high on rating upgrade
"Capacity will ease at its Seikku sawmill in Pori and Alholma sawmill in Pietarsaari and result in 60 people being laid off for around six weeks starting mid-May 
The transaction is expected to be finalized by Dec 2009 .
$ARIA Bounce Player! Long above $6.17 http://stks.co/q0WfF
The board further said the company omitted to tender for a substantial part of the works and as such they had rightfully been found non-responsive by the evaluation team .
Finnish Aktia Group 's operating profit rose to EUR 17.5 mn in the first quarter of 2010 from EUR 8.2 mn in the first quarter of 2009 .
"Operators only need to learn how to use one device for multiple levels of applications 
Rival companies $GWR and WATCO eyeing $RA w take-over interest.  http://stks.co/o0xY
"Net interest income was EUR 152.2 mn 
"However 
Net sales fell by 33 % from the third quarter of 2008 to EUR 130.5 mn .
"In July-September 2009 
"The result will also be burdened by increased fixed costs associated with operations in China 
"Cencorp 's net sales in the first quarter is estimated to be EUR0.9-1 .2 m 
"In Finland 
"Cargotec 's share capital after the increase totals EUR 64
Sophos aims to raise $100m in London IPO
"`` The new structure provides better communication 
"The 718
21 October 2010 - Finnish fishing tackle company Rapala VMC Corp ( HEL : RAP1V ) said today its net profit rose to EUR18 .9 m for the first nine months of 2010 from EUR15 .1 m for the same period a year earlier .
"The remainder of its revenues will come from technology agreements with other firms 
"Tyrvaan Sanomat 
"Cargotec Corporation 
Juha Haapakoski will continue as Editor-in-Chief with budget responsibility also with the new publisher .
Nordstjernan has used its option to buy another 22.4 % stake of Salcomp 's shares and votes .
The net sales of Healthcare Trade business in 2009 were EUR 145.1 million EUR 155.2 million and operating profit EUR 8.9 million EUR 7.9 million .
"The tower it chose to add 
"Scanfil 
Operating profit decreased to EUR 16mn from EUR 21.1 mn in 2008 .
"PCS Digital Guatemala has been using Tecnomen 's prepaid system in Telgua fixed networks as well as code division multiple access 
"The company will disclose further details 
"`` The number of collection errors fell considerably 
Insurer Old Mutual picks Standard Bank's Hemphill as new CEO
"Broker tips: RBS
"Operating profit was EUR 0.6 mn 
"The reductions will be implemented immediately 
$EBAY had a nice breakout of the recent consolidation. Congrats to those who had it. http://stks.co/2TAd
"The company plans to close two of the three lines at the plant 
The contract includes heating plant equipment and associated installation work .
Kinder Morgan and BP Form Joint Venture Limited Liability Company to Purchase ...
"Qualcomm estimated a first-quarter profit between 46 and 50 cents a share 
"Neste Oil Corp. has signed long-term procurement contracts with Honkajoki Oy and Findest Protein Oy 
The total investment in 2006 and 2007 is expected to amount to about EUR75m .
Mursula said they tried to gather macro-economic perspective to see how Malaysia was doing .
The presentation material can be viewed on the company 's website in English after the conference .
"Finnish Metso Paper has won an order to supply an uncoated fine paper machine to MCC Paper Yinhe 
"When completed 
"Galeria Podlaska 
The product 's front-edge folding maximizes weather resilience and enables a seamless roof finish .
"Intuitive Surgical $ISRG is in a great financial position
Dragonfly Love is another video shot from start to finish using the Nokia N8 .
"The new apartment block is going up very close to the city center 
25 March 2011 - Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil Oyj HEL : SCF1V said today its plan to merge wholly owned Scanfil EMS Group with Ojala-Yhtyma Oy has hit a snag as shareholders of the domestic rival rejected the deal .
REFILE-Hikma and Barclays help Britain's FTSE to climb higher
Finnish Stockmann Group 's mail order unit Hobby Hall has launched a trial marketing campaign in Russia .
$UTSI http://stks.co/15uR Long setup. Reported very good earnings.
"Quartal Oy now owns 2
Demand was brisk as expected and order levels have remained high .
"ADPnews - Sep 28 
Pretax profit decreased by 37 % to EUR 193.1 mn from EUR 305.6 mn .
"The company 's order book stood at 1.5 bln euro $ 2.2 bln on September 30 
"Comparable operating profit for the quarter decreased from EUR510m while sales increased from EUR860m 
Barclays poised to replace Sir Mike Rake as he heads for exit
Sales at the unit slumped last year after the industry was hit by poor snowfall in the major resorts in the winter of 2006-07 .
Barclays appoints JPMorgan's Paul Compton as new COO
"$AAPL bounces off support
Operating profit fell to EUR 38.1 mn from EUR 55.3 mn in 2007 .
The Estonian parliament was set to vote on amendments to the excise duty law on Wednesday that would add 0.42 kroons to the price of a liter of diesel and 0.45 kroons to the price of a liter of gasoline from the start of 2010 .
Elcoteq has a proven track record in electronics manufacturing services ( EMS ) and a global factory network coupled with modern manufacturing equipment and consistent systems and processes .
$MTD (Mettler-Toledo) ready for a breakout
"HSBC shakes up board with two new business chiefs
"The Inventors are Ridge Justin 
"One can also apply for jobs directly from the iPad 
"In this way 
"The prosecutor is also demanding Outokumpu pay a fine of EUR 800
"In 2008 
"Published by Globes online 
The EUR17m contract includes both design and construction works .
$AAPL Beat the estimates. Will still go down on lack of new products. https://t.co/sX3z7u6N8o
Delhaize Le Lion has selected the Aldata G.O.L.D. Vocal PDA solution on the Motorola WT4090 PDA terminal .
"The Baltimore Police and Fire Pension 
"According to the company 
"These new units will be built at Cargotec 's state of the art manufacturing facility in San Antonio 
"Operating loss totalled EUR 4.0 mn 
"29 September 
Biohit already services many current Genesis customers and the customer base is expected to expand as a result of this agreement .
"UPDATE: CIB
`` Operating profit declined mainly due to the increased cost of wood and recycled fiber and the strengthened euro . ''
"This will be done domestically and in neighboring markets 
"News FeedFTSE 100 movers: Ashtead jumps on strong interims; Glencore
"Elite Residence Tower 
"@StockTwits: @Kbkiwi: $TSLA Tesla Model S sales exceed target
Tesco sells half of stake in ecommerce site Lazada to Alibaba for Â£90m
"On top of that 
"Baltic Pearl CJSC 
They are also upset that some of the machinery and work is taken over to Poland .
Approval by shareholders of Cencorp in accordance with Finnish law .
"The company said that it will supply the WCDMA 3G-HSPA radio network 
$RSH - looking for first profitable quarter in 3 years!!!  ;).  LONG & STRONG
$MFLX up  pre mkt. Looks like GAP has been filled....lookin 4 short opt here
Finnish forest machinery manufacturer Ponsse has agreed with Volvo on the start of cooperation in Latin America .
"4 February 2011 - Finnish broadband data communication systems provider Teleste Oyj HEL : TLT1V saw its net profit jump to EUR2 .1 m for the last quarter of 2010 from EUR995 
"On the route between Helsinki in Finland and Tallinn in Estonia 
"Irish Said Chasing Standard Chartered
"Helsinki on October 22 
"$YOKU high volume blast off Friday
"Kemira 
"Chic and cheerful 
"The recovery of demand that started toward the end of 2009 
Comparable operating profit decreased to EUR 13.8 mn from EUR 17.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"GUANGDONG 
"The company can not give up palm oil altogether 
"In 2007 
`` Marimekko operates in an industry in which changes in the business climate are reflected in consumer demand .
U.S. Debt Lures Schroders as ECB Depresses Rates
"Outotec is currently delivering a new oil shale processing plant for Eesti Energia in Estonia based on Enefit technology 
The EPS outlook was increased by 5.6 pct for 2007 and 7.0 pct for 2008 .
The company has some 410 employees and an annual turnover of EUR65 .4 m. Vaahto Group is listed on the Nordic Exchange in Helsinki .
"$DPZ broke out now of his bull flag channel and make new highs
"$AMZN rejected that 604 to the penny. Weak open and it goes r/g within first 30 mins
This $BBBY stock options trade would have more than doubled your money https://t.co/Oa0loiRIJL via @TheStreet
"Pretax loss totaled EUR 1.2 mn 
#Tesla Model S deliveries are up 35% in Germany - record deliveries in March [Chart] https://t.co/yCnClcBImV  $TSLA
Operating profit of the Asian plants grew markedly .
"The prosecutor is also demanding Outokumpu pay a fine of EUR 800
"Konecranes has previously communicated an estimated reduction of about 1
The Oulu plant employs approximately 120 people .
at 9:00 EET Alma Media 's Annual Report for 2009 is scheduled to be published in calendar week 9 .
"SCOPI Chief Business Excellence Officer 
"The share capital of Basware Corporation is 11
New Morrisons duo get former boss's support to diffuse investor tension
The order also includes start-up and commissioning services .
"`` UPM 's deliveries increased during the third quarter by 4 percent 
Outokumpu 's chief executive Juha Rantanen expressed his confidence in China market .
Mr K.R. Vasantha has been appointed Managing Director of Incap Contract Manufacturing Services Pvt. Ltd. .
"The company is in charge of all natural gas storage activities in France 
This solution is an extension to the existing online mediation solution delivered earlier by Comptel and IBM .
"With the U.S. Federal Government putting a stake in the ground 
"Finnish construction company YIT Corporation is planning to build about 200 high-quality holiday homes near the Tahko ski and spa resort 
"Operating profit totaled EUR 6.7 mn 
The third order awarded to Outokumpu Technology is by Shalkiya Zinc of Kazakhstan for the Shalkiya zinc-lead project in Kazakhstan .
"In June it sold a 30 percent stake to Nordstjernan 
"Tiimari Latvian representative Ineta Zaharova said that the company earned LVL 122
"Operating profit fell to EUR 35.4 mn from EUR 68.8 mn in 2007 
$SMH got a sell signal on 6/4 and needs to take out 39.28 to go higher otherwise headed lower than 37.60 gap below at 35.38
The negotiations concern 246 salaried and senior salaried employees and are scheduled to be completed in six weeks .
The production is to be liquidated before June 2009 and 325 employees loose their jobs .
"ADP News - May 29 
Deutsche Bank downgrades Starbucks because of new loyalty program https://t.co/Iy4LCUGABc $SBUX
"Operating profit 
"The company said Offshore segment represented 43 % of the total marine engines orders for the July-September 2010 period 
"Finnish Vaahto Group that provides paper-making technology and process machinery is starting negotiations concerning the temporary lay-offs of all 140 employees at the company 's plants in Hollola and Tampere 
"According to Finnish petrol station chain St1 's managing director Kim Wiio 
A filter is used to pre-process packets to determine if they need to be further processed by the processor of the network device .
"Altona stated that the private company of Altona chairman Kevin Maloney 
"However 
"The Dutch broker noted that Nokian Tyres reported a good first quarter in 2006 
"Okhta Center area is expected to have about 700
Operating profit improved to EUR 20.3 mn from EUR 11.4 mn .
stores 16 March 2010 - Finnish stationery and gift retailer Tiimari HEL : TII1V said yesterday that it will cut a total of 28 jobs in its units Tiimari Retail Ltd and Gallerix Finland Ltd as a result of the closure of shops .
The transaction is expected to be completed next spring .
The company expects its net sales for the whole 2009 to remain below the 2008 level .
"Both operating profit and net sales for the 12-month period increased 
"The company serves customers in various industries 
Customers in a wide range of industries use our stainless steel and services worldwide .
"The total number of voting rights is 74
"mr Bakman sees also expansion options on the Tallinn-Helisnki link 
$ZAGG getting ready...Target $15 plus on a close over $13.50 on better than avg daily Volume http://chart.ly/lha44tn
"The Finnish national carrier said net loss in April through June was euro26 million 
"The EU Commission said earlier it had fined ThyssenKrupp 
Recently the company decided to build a second identical plant at the same site due to be commissioned toward the end of 2008 .
for @vnoto74 to follow:  after a SELL signal by $NDX internals [06/23] ~> technical SELL $QQQ [06/25] ~> DOWN
Talentum 's net sales in September were smaller than expected .
"India 's trade with Russia currently stands at four billion dollars 
An EU law on the issue may be introduced around 2010 .
$BIOC RSI extremely in long's favor looking at BIOC historically.
"Consolidated operating profit excluding one-off items was EUR 30.6 mn 
A broad range of connectivity options including 3G - HSPA and Wi-Fi gives consumers high speed access to the Internet .
"Seven-month sales of Ragutis 
"Its product portfolio comprises harvesters 
$YHOO About to break out on the 5-min...
"Digia will also set up two subsidiaries 
"The contract also includes cutting and edging wagon parts at Ruukki 's steel service centres in Seinajoki and Raahe 
AB InBev attacks SABMiller bid rebuffal
"efficiency improvement measures 20 January 2010 - Finnish stationery and gift retailer Tiimari HEL : TII1V said today that it will continue to improve its operational efficiency 
"It operates under three distinct brands : United Supermarkets 
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of to EUR0 .06 .
"The business had gross written premiums of EUR152 .4 m (  91.5 m ) in 2000 
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Customers wave cards in front of the reader to make payments 
$BBRY nice bounce
"However 
Pharmaceutical market in Belgium Global Research & Data Services published recently a market analysis about the pharmaceutical markets in Belgium .
Marimekko Group 's full-year net sales are estimated to increase by about 10 % .
Her last position in Nokia Siemens Networks was head of Business Human Resources NSN global IT .
Wellness services will be important in the future .
Teleste expects to start the deliveries at the end of 2009 .
"A total EUR73 .7 m will be provided as secured senior three-year debt from the syndicate 
"As reported June 26 
$JNK http://stks.co/2Fcm Does not want to go down... risk appetite still high
"Product coverage : baked goods ; biscuits ; breakfast cereals Data coverage : market sizes historic and forecasts 
The closing of such transaction took place today .
AstraZeneca diabetes drug combination faces delay after FDA rebuff
"The major part of the deliveries include different AC and CXE amplifier solutions and products by Belgian DINH Telecom 
"Following the registration 
"Meanwhile 
Scanfil issued a profit warning on 10 April 2006 .
The borrower was happy to do the roadshow and this paid off as the hit ratio from it was high .
"The contract also includes cutting and edging wagon parts at Ruukki 's steel service centres in Seinajoki and Raahe 
"The shopping center to be opened in St. Petersburg 
Finnish investment company Neomarkka is the main owner of Kuitu Finland 's successor .
"So far Norwegian Norske Skog has reduced the staff levels by 1
$XLB the weakest sector this year and possible false breakout  http://stks.co/dL1Z
UPDATE 1-Pearson expects to grow this year after solid end to 2014
"UPM-Kymmene Corp. 
"The company said that currently the French distribution unit Ragot is located in Loudeac 
"Neste Oil Corporation is a refining and marketing company concentrating on clean 
$NFLX Easy pop to 500$ by end of feb.. Then steady as she goes for 600 into second earnings report..800$ year end no matter what
The company expects sales revenue of RMB8 .0 billion in 2009 .
$ARIA This is the reason why shorts don't show up...long steady small climbs. The best way to accrue value. IMO
"`` Overall 
As a result of the negotiations the employment of 130 blue - and white-collar employees at the Oulu plant would be terminated .
Sales by Seppala diminished by 6 per cent .
The combined value of the orders is almost EUR 3mn .
"Stora Enso said DeLight was suitable for a wide range of applications including food 
UPM stock fell 3 percent to EURO 12.49 $ 17.24 in early afternoon trading in Helsinki .
Pharmaceutical market in Netherlands Global Research & Data Services published recently a market analysis about the pharmaceutical markets in Netherlands .
$PCLN Trying to break daily trend line! Big move could happen https://t.co/gY0aDb2jsQ https://t.co/KPBBCgQ2xy
"Fortum is looking to invest in several new production units 
Breaking: Tesla recalls all Model X cars  .. details on show now $TSLA
BG Group Still Happy With Shell's $70 Billion Offer
@ACInvestorBlog: $SPY eod run :)
Pharmaceuticals - Netherlands This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Netherlands .
"Production capacity will rise gradually from 170
Aviation Systems Maintenance is based in Kansas and generated net sales of USD 2.6 million for 2008 .
The fixed acquisition price amounts to NOK 70 ( approximately EUR 8.7 ) million and additional price NOK 15 ( EUR 1.8 ) million at maximum .
Tullow Oil Suspends Dividend Amid Oil Price Fall
"The store is located in Poznan in a shopping center named Pestka 
The total emissions reduction from 1999 to 2017 will be thus 41 % .
"Finnair 's Tallinn-based subsidiary 
"rosendal at outotec.com Eila Paatela 
"Under the agreement 
15 December 2010 - Finnish-German telecoms equipment maker Nokia Siemens Networks said today it won a contract to upgrade the radio network of home-based telecommunications company Elisa Oyj HEL : ELI1V .
RT @ACInvestorBlog $AAPL still on track for $500
Each year the dividend is deducted from the subscription price .
"In addition 
"The OMX Helsinki 25 index was up 0.92 pct at 2
Finnish sports equipment company Amer Sports said it has decided to lay off 370 workers from its Salomon division in France .
"Tiimari 's registered share capital is 16
"Finnish plumbing and heating systems supplier Uponor 's net sales in continuing business operations decreased to EUR 249.1 mn in July-September 2008 
Finnish Aldata Solution has signed a contract of supply its G.O.L.D. system to two French retail chains .
"$YHOO fishy action. New party interested (DailyMail) bounce & retreats. Not short by any means
"The Group owns and operates a fleet of more than 800dwt 
$CTRP breaking out https://t.co/Z2je3rTKch
The repurchase of the bonds was executed in the open market in accordance with section 7 f of the terms and conditions of the Convertible Bonds .
$SIGA Bid for Reargument Denied by Judge
Unilever profit rises despite sales slump in China
The site will cover over six hectares .
"$AAPL at pivot area on intraday chart- break here could send this to 50-day SMA
Finnlines will announce in week 17 of 2006 what measures it will take to tackle the situation .
stole my tweet. really wouldn't be surprised if we took out 423 and pinned around it RT @totalguru We could possibly even see425 today $AAPL
RL-Nordic is a part of Raiffeisen-Banking-Group Austria and is a subsidiary to Raiffeisen-Leasing GmbH in Austria .
CompaniesHoward Davies appointment as RBS director delayed
Loss after taxes amounted to EUR 1.2 mn compared to a loss of 2.6 mn .
$spy $vxx $aapl the parties over loaded on $uvxy volatility is back
`` Our research shows that access to information technology has been one of the limiting factors for most small businesses especially when they work in a heterogenous network based environment .
The sale of the food potato business is part of Raisio 's plan to streamline and clarify its business operations .
Comparable operating profit decreased to EUR 13.8 mn from EUR 17.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
$AMGN And #UCB Announce Positive Top-Line Results From Ph3 Study Evaluating Romosozumab In Men... https://t.co/4hBoUDR8B8 via @YahooFinance
Finland-based international machinery rental company Ramirent Plc ( OMX Helsinki : RMR1V ) reported on Friday ( 15 August ) an operating profit of EUR65 .0 m on net sales of EUR342 .9 m for the period January-June 2008 .
Return on investment ROI was 4.1 % compared to 43.8 % in the first half of 2008 .
"Sampo Bank 's market share of lending was 13.6 % 
$BBRY lets see 14+ today
$vxx adding to position here !
"Cargotec 's sales totalled EUR 3.4 billion in 2008 and it employs approximately 10
Auto Trader share price surges as company floats on LSE
"We are very excited working with Maxis on this first commercial deployment of ` Master of Maya ' 
"The pulp production in Finnish Kemij+ñrvi will also be liquidated and about 1
Okmetic expects its net sales for the first half of 2009 to be less than in 2008 .
An Apple spokeswoman said the company declined to comment .
"We have also cut our price projections for paper and packaging 
"Furthermore 
DMASIA-16 August 2006-Benefon extends manufacturing capability with ASMobile -® 2006 Digitalmediaasia.com & DMA Ltd. .
"Shares in Royal and Sun Alliance continued to slide back from a 12-month high of 172p last month 
$Oil slid to a four-year low after #OPEC kept its oil production unchanged  http://stks.co/a1IX4 $USO $WTI $Brent
UPDATE 5-Barclays Chairman McFarlane axes CEO to speed up strategic change
"Sampo Group that has become a major shareholder in Nordea owns TrygVesta 's main competitor 
The sale of the Healthcare Trade business supports Oriola-KD 's strategy to focus on Pharmaceutical Wholesale and Retail businesses .
The value of the firm 's forestry holdings increased by SEK 3.6 bn .
"Finland-based international machinery rental company Ramirent Plc ( OMX Helsinki : RMR1V ) said on Friday ( 9 May ) that its president and CEO 
"According to business media reports 
"Our solutions are fully Arabized 
- I am pleased that Bjorn Wahlroos has accepted the nomination .
"The product advisory does not apply to any other Nokia-branded battery 
AstraZeneca wins FDA approval for key new lung cancer pill
"I can say categorically 
"The end-to-end delivery combines the competencies and services from TietoEnators Telecom & Media 
"Long Position on $IP
"$QCOR a little pullback is fine but if this erases all of todays gains
@technik I still have a smaller $GILD pos. Being very tender with cash due to volatility. So reluctant to keep many big positions.
"The Group 's turnover in 2006 was EUR 39.2 million 
"In addition to verification of an identity and digital signatures 
The loss for the third quarter of 2007 was EUR 0.3 mn smaller than the loss of the second quarter of 2007 .
Customers include hotels and restaurants as well as wholesalers and some retailers .
"The construction of a large woodworking facility in the Sheksna district of the Vologda Region 
"Result before taxes decreased to nearly EUR 14.5 mn 
The hack had been extra nefarious because the tweets activated without being clicked on - it was enough for Web surfers to move their mouse cursors over them .
The fair value of the company 's investment properties went down to EUR 2.768 billion at the end of 2009 from EUR 2.916 billion a year earlier .
"LONDON AFX - UK and European brokers ' recommendations issued today 
The agreement includes the entire process of managing Mercator 's supply chain in all regions where the company is currently present .
"While the company did not indicate the level of investment in the unit 
Pharmaceuticals - Czech Republic This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Czech Republic .
$SAVE long. https://t.co/yEJuS9cMlC
Sales in Finland rose by 3.9 % and international growth was 0.7 % .
Mylan Appoints Ranjan Ray Chaudhuri as Global Commercial Lead for Mylan's Over ...
Our superior customer centricity and expertise in digital services set us apart from our competitors .
"And the broker repeated its ` buy ' rating 
Unit costs for flight operations fell by 6.4 percent .
"As a part of the plan 
The contract is for next year .
"`` With this agreement 
Finnish technology company Raute Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : RUTAV ) issued on Tuesday ( 23 September ) a profit warning for the financial year 2008 .
HELSINKI AFX - Outokumpu Technology said it has signed a 3.5 mln eur agreement with Mongolia 's Erdenet Mining Corporation for the engineering of the first HydroCopper plant to be built at the Erdenet mine site .
AB InBev looks to win over SABMiller investors
The company 's net sales in 2010 totalled MEUR 311.4 with an operating margin of 13.9 per cent .
"Finnish Scanfil 
"The EU Commission said earlier it had fined ThyssenKrupp 
AstraZeneca to Pay Inovio Up to $700 Million for Cancer Drug
The full MidnightTrader extended-hours trading analysis and news service is available in real-time through COMTEX .
"At some point in 2010 
"In 2007 
"Incap Contract Manufacturing Services Pvt Ltd 
"The 19
Earnings per share EPS in 2005 amounted to a loss of EUR1 .26 .
The duration of the lay-offs per employee will vary from one to six weeks .
"Ruukki 's delivery volumes and selling prices showed favourable development and the company 's comparable net sales grew by 50 % year-on-year to EUR647m 
"It generated an operating loss of EUR 96.3 mn 
"HELSINKI ( Thomson Financial ) - Kone said it has won four orders in Saudi Arabia 
"Apart from Nordea 
"`` Over the years 
"In the reporting period 
Estimations indicate that even up to 170 different tablet computers or reading devices will be available in 2011 .
"Tesla Recalling 2
Johnson Matthey revs up on clean air drive
"Music is provided by all major international and regional labels including Universal Music Group 
"The approximately 20
Finnair said that the cancellation of flights would cause daily losses of  x20ac 2.5 million US$ 3 million .
"Honkarakenne 's customer in this project is one of the biggest real estate companies in Kazakhstan 
The dividend will come on top of the 0.45 eur on A shares and 0.43 on K shares it has already paid on last year 's accounts .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 9 
"UPDATE 1-SABMiller 2nd-quarter underlying sales rise
Finnish Raute Precision has won large glass batch plant and mortar plant orders from Mexico and the US .
"For 2009 
The category was marked by maturity and the recession .
"Went long on this $COG
The company slipped to an operating loss of EUR 2.6 million from a profit of EUR 1.3 million .
"The company serves customers in various industries 
"Estonia 's Agriculture Minister Helir-Valdor Seeder is in Finland on a two-day visit 
Changes to the as-built models from the design were communicated to the subcontractors to accommodate them into the steel and GRC fabrication process .
"The company is also seeking possibilities to relocate the Luumaki personnel 
The company said that it has started to investigate streamlining its operations in order to meet the tightening competition on the mobile phone charger market .
"Finnish holding company Panostaja Oyj said on June 12 
CompaniesDiageo stays neutral on India boardroom turmoil
GE to Sell Majority Stake in Bank BPH's Core Bank to Alior Bank
The company will be part of Teleste 's Video and Broadband Solutions business area .
"Tampere Science Parks is a Finnish company that owns 
"Net sales surged by 18.5 % to EUR167 .8 m. Teleste said that EUR20 .4 m 
"2009 3 February 2010 - Finland-based steel maker Rautaruukki Oyj ( HEL : RTRKS ) 
"The subsidiary will be responsible for filter sales 
Finnish consumers prefer to buy the cheapest beer brand .
"A maximum of 20 employees 
"`` We are happy to be working with Rapala to encourage boaters and anglers to introduce newcomers to the sport 
"With the government exempting certain stainless steel products from anti-dumping duties 
"$SSYS just re-tested lows . Should rise steadily from here. It hit $81 just 21 trading days ago
"Profit before taxes decreased by 9 % to EUR 187.8 mn in the first nine months of 2008 
"This implementation is very important to the operator 
"Finnish shipping company Finnlines ' pretax loss totalled EUR 6.5 mn in the third quarter of 2009 
"Net sales will 
"One of the headboxes will be equipped with a modern consistency control system to ensure cross machine profile of the plasterboard 
"After the transaction 
"Jan. 6 -- Ford is struggling in the face of slowing truck and SUV sales and a surfeit of up-to-date 
"Markets had been expecting a poor performance 
"Citigroup 
"comparable operating profit totaled EUR 854mn 
"In Finland 
"Following the issue 
Its market share is 6 percent according to AC Nielsen 's 2008 data .
NaturalGas Settles At 3-year Low $DBO $BNO  http://stks.co/d27qX
"The company 's net profit amounted to EE 55.5 mn 
No financial details were disclosed .
"Profit per share was EUR 1.03 
"Aldata Solution Oyj Bertrand Sciard President and CEO Further information : Aldata Solution Oyj 
"The joint venture will invest about EUR 500
"Juhani J+ñrvi 
Nordea Pankki Suomi Oyj 's ownership in Stonesoft Corporation has decreased below 1-20 .
Valeant Names Interim Leader as CEO Remains Hospitalized
"Finnish shipping company Finnlines 
EBIT margin was up from 1.4 % to 5.1 % .
In 2007 Etteplan reported a turnover of EUR125 .2 m.
"According to Atria 's President and CEO Matti Tikkakoski 
"The company 's profit totaled Ls 578
$YHOO A breakout above $29.83 would constitute a technical entry for the short term trader. http://stks.co/jkUF
The company had hoped the new plant would be on stream by the end of 2008 .
"An additional amount 
"Previously 
The fair value of the company 's investment properties went down to EUR2 .769 bn at the end of September 2009 from EUR2 .878 bn a year earlier .
"3 February 2011 - Finnish broadband data communication systems provider Teleste Oyj HEL : TLT1V said yesterday its net profit rocketed to EUR4 .8 m in 2010 from EUR416 
HSBC Hit by Fresh Details of Tax Evasion Claims
$IBIO  up 10% in premarket ready for lift off
"DnB Nord of Norway is the `` most likely Nordic buyer '' for Citadele 
"As with other stakeholders 
$FB i guess they want it down look at the those sell orders
"Ahlstrom Corporation STOCK EXCHANGE ANNOUNCEMENT 23.4.2007 Ahlstrom Corporation will publish its first quarter financial results 2007 on Friday 
"The company 's plant in Russia will continue to make tyres for its near markets 
"They are responsible for their own operations 
"$QCOR Just added 3
"BasWare Invoice Processing 
"The contract includes software licences 
"Publishing Sweden 's operating loss was EUR 1.1 mn in Q1 of 2009 
"The devices would be launched in the Chinese market in late 2006 
The net sales of the Power Plants business were EUR 710.3 million in 2005 .
National sponsors for The Big Read include National Endowment for the Arts in cooperation with the Institute of Museum and Library Services and Arts Midwest .
$AMZN new HOD with conviction keeping $570 on watch for Resistance.
"`` The biggest challenge was to make the piece look raw 
"Typical end-uses include roof structures 
"The planned facility 
"During the past 10 years the factory has produced many of Nokia 's most popular models including the Nokia 2760 
"STX Finland Oy signed a a preliminary agreement for the building of an environmentally friendly 
The rebuilds are designed to improve the machines ' performance and product quality .
"Operating profit 
"Goodwill and other intangible assets account for some 2.0 mln euro ( $ 2.6 mln ) of the purchase price 
"The center offers a comprehensive range of device design services spanning from electronics 
The orders are part of a long-term development plan of Latvijas Finieris .
Goodwin not to face Scottish prosecution over RBS
Reported operating margin was a negative 5.9 % .
Mformation provides enhanced management of these applications by enabling configuration and control throughout their lifecycle .
TeliaSonera TLSN said the offer is in line with its strategy to increase its ownership in core business holdings and would strengthen Eesti Telekom 's offering to its customers .
"The report profiles 614 companies including many key and niche players worldwide such as Black & Decker Corporation 
No decision on such sale of the now issued or existing treasury shares to YA Global has been made yet .
"Profitability ( EBIT % ) was 13.6 % 
"The fourth quarter saw Rapala swing back to a pretax profit of 1.5 mln eur from a year earlier loss of 1.2 mln on the back of a 30 pct uplift in sales to 44.8 mln eur 
A huge issue for us is the button placement .
"Hammerson
"After the split 
"Notable gainers among liquid option names this morning include $STX (+7.0%)
Locked in some $FB puts for nice gain
"In the Baltic countries 
"The equipment will be made at Vaahto 's plant in Hollola in Finland 
"According to Gallup Food and Farm Facts 
The profit after taxes was EUR 57.7 11.1 million .
Passenger volumes rose by 8.4 % in the accounting period .
"The board machine 
in Finland Finnish pharmaceutical company Orion Corporation OMX Helsinki : ORNAV said on Wednesday 7 January that it has concluded its personnel negotiations in Finland and will reduce the number of personnel by 205 .
"Taking a cue from the playbook of the East Dillon Lions 
$FB (110.20) is starting to show some relative strength and signs of potential B/O on the daily.
"In April 2010 
"Jensen 
Miners Meltdown as BHP to Rio Tinto Sink in Commodities Rout
An appeal concerning the project has been lodged at the Czech Ministry of the Environment .
energy still failing to close above the 10D MA.  continues to stand out weak $XLE
"According to the Latvian business register 
$aapl.  Test the high today and probably go beyond after hours...
The stock rose for a third day on Tuesday bringing its three-day rise to GBX10 .50 or 1.8 % .
$SBUX downgraded to neutral at Deutsche Bank. Price target reduced to $64 from $70.
"$KGC http://stks.co/3Qta Oversold
"Finnish publisher Alma Media ( HEL : ALN1V ) said Wednesday it has decided to further extend its EUR1 .85 ( USD2 .75 ) apiece mandatory tender offer for media group Talentum ( HEL : TTM1V ) 
"Tyrv+ñinen is of the opinion that the airline has been repeating this for some time already 
$ROST Ross Stores Upgraded to Outperform at RBC Capital Markets http://stks.co/j0Q9t
AB InBev approaches SABMiller to explore $250bn tie-up
"Finnish Food Workers ' Union SEL plans to hasten its collective bargaining with a two-day strike that would begin on 7 April 2010 
"Its customers include local companies Slo Oy 
The number of customers is one of the most important parameters in determining the price of electricity networks .
"$RIG whos ever pushing this is crazy
"$HAL If bulls lucky enuff to get an upside gap fill
"Vanhanen said the strike would be `` extremely damaging '' as some 1
These moderate but significant changes resulted in a significant 24-32 % reduction in the estimated CVD risk .
Sales of mid-strength beer decreased by 40 % .
F-Secure Online Backup automatically protects all the content stored on a computer or smartphone by making a copy of the content to an online location .
"Dealers said the share was largely hit by investor disappointment about a refining margin of just 9.48 usd per barrel for the quarter and the performance of its shipping unit 
"The long-standing partnership and commitment enable both parties to develop their respective operations 
"Nokia bought Chicago-based Navteq in 2008 
Finnlines has six ships under construction in China with deliveries scheduled between the first quarter of 2011 and the final quarter of 2012 .
Elektrobit ( EB ) has renewed its IT infrastructure contract with ICT services provider Fujitsu Services for EB 's Patja service .
"The core of Solidium 's investment strategy is proper 
"Finnish steel maker Rautaruukki Oyj ( HEL : RTRKS ) 
The commission said the hydrogen peroxide and PBS market was worth about 470 million euros in 2000 .
"UPDATE: EasyJet Passenger Numbers
"Operating profit for the 12-month period decreased from EUR17 .9 m while net sales increased from EUR58 .3 m 
facades in Riga 8 March 2010 - Finnish construction company YIT Oyj HEL : YTY1V said today that it will build the frame and the facades in a tower construction project in Riga .
Bunzl Lifts Dividend Again As Acquisitions Continue To Boost Profits
"Operating profit surged to EUR21m from EUR106 
Nordea 's chairman of the board Hans Dalborg has informed the nomination committee that he will not be up for re-election at the Annual General Meeting in 2011 .
"Belarus OAO Lidskoe Pivo brewery 
$ASTX Daily technical indicators are bullish. Breakout watch over 4.58  http://stks.co/eOvw
The contract has been allotted as per lowest price criteria .
A high court in Finland has fined seven local asphalt companies more than   lion ( $ 117 million ) for operating a cartel .
"Sales are expected to increase in the end of the year 2006 
"The contracts of the employees 
The low capacity utilisation rate in steel production considerably increases the fixed costs per unit of steel produced .
The groups 's turnover for the full fiscal year is expected to show a slight increase from the previous fiscal year .
"Operating profit decreased to nearly EUR 1.7 mn 
Finnish Cargotec 's Kalmar has received a significant order from the US Department of Defense .
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to EUR1 .37 
$brcm raises revenue forecast
( A spokesperson told WWD to expect a 50-50 mix of clothing and home decor . )
"`` Nokia 's Calling All Innovators Africa competition has been specifically launched to enable developers to create locally relevant 
Net sales surged by 30 % to EUR 36 million .
"The authorisation is in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting and repeals the authorisation to acquire own shares given by the General Meeting held on April 4 
"Poyry 's contract includes engineering management 
"The value of the order is EUR 700
"The company operates its business through two reportable segments 
"The order includes a new Crecent former 
The combined value of the planned investments is about EUR 30mn .
The following information was released by Comptel : Tomorrow the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission is scheduled to deliver the National Broadband Plan to Congress .
"Operating profit of operations in Finland in the period under review totaled EUR 11.3 mn 
"M-real Corporation Press release on 3 November at 10:35 am M-real Corporation was the second best company in the materials sector including e.g. forest industry companies in the Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index CDLI 
Ingen is an established medical device manufacturer with an emerging new medical product line for the respiratory market worth an estimated $ 4 billion in the U.S. and $ 8 billion globally .
"Operating loss totaled EUR 0.8 mn 
"Scanfil 
Alfa group will have 43.9 % of voting stock in the new company and Telenor 35.4 % with a free float of 20.7 % .
Kingfisher share price slides on cost to implement new strategy
Profit before taxes decreased to EUR 31.6 mn from EUR 50.0 mn the year before .
"8
"The company is owned by the State of Finland and the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company EADS N.V. Tekla is an international software company that provides solutions for building and construction 
$CSX another strong rail today after breaking intraday resistance at 1$9.80 https://t.co/eA4FBVuqGP
"A data processing unit collects the data 
"In addition to Russia 
The aim is to increase sales by at least one fifth in 2006 .
"Rohwedder Group is an automotive supplies 
"According to HK Ruokatalo 
The number of bodily injury cases quadrupled in 2000-2006 .
"In Finland 
The acquisition price was not disclosed .
Scanfil has also issued a profit warning .
The acquisition is part of Ramirent 's Central and Eastern European growth strategy .
"UPM said the move will lower net profit by  x20ac 385 million US$ 520 million in the second quarter 
"The poorest index figure was given to Finnish power company Fortum 
"The company intends to launch housing development at the acquired land plots and to construct 50
"Seppala transferred the sale to a greater extent than last year to February 
AB InBev ups offer for SABMiller as deadline looms
"The contracts of the employees 
Stora Enso 's target has been cut to EUR 4.85 from EUR 5.55 and Holmen 's target -- to SEK 135 from SEK 150 .
"As a condition to the deal 
$SPY Don't hang your bull hat yet. Next week we will pop higher on QE3 hope on back of fed's 2 day meeting.
Consolidated operating profit from continuing operations decreased by 62.3 % to EUR 51.2 mn from EUR 135.7 mn in 2007 .
"The shares shall be repurchased through public trading 
"The airline estimated that the cancellation of its flights due to the closure of European airspace 
"The transaction doubles Tecnomens workforse 
"We warmly welcome him to Satama '' 
"The Web-Marela application handles invitations to quote 
"Cargotec 's brands 
"L+ñnnen Tehtaat 's Food Division was reorganised into two strategic business units 
$TWTR sad the only thing to move this is a takeover rumor only to be sold off next day !
Its other well-known brands include fitness equipment maker Precor and U.S. - based ball sports equipment maker Wilson .
"Z. Bavelloni 's long-standing MD 
The sellers were EOSS Innovationsmanagement and a group of private individuals .
"Net sales went up by 1 % year-on-year to EUR 29 million 
"As a result 
`` Those uncertainties cloud the long-term outlook . ''
Elcoteq expects its net sales for the last quarter of 2010 to be on the level of the third quarter .
"The company 's annual loss amounted to EEK 18mn 
The mill is concentrating on getting the supercalendered line running satisfactorily before restarting its older newsprint line .
Aktia forecasts Finland 's inflation at 1.1 % in 2010 .
KONE is listed on the Nordic Exchange in Helsinki .
Finnish fibre-based materials maker Ahlstrom Corp ( HEL : AHL1V ) said today it decided to close down its spunlace composite production line number 23 at Chirnside plant in the UK by the end of March 2011 .
Subject-matter of the invention furthermore is the use of the cyclone for separating partly molten particles . ''
Rautaruukki said construction group YIT has awarded it a 2.5 mln eur contract to supply the steel structures for a new bridge spanning the Kemijoki river in Northern Finland .
Long $TSLA short $MBLY https://t.co/jSpUSzo6na
"Also 
"Lassila & Tikanoja 's operating profit excluding non-recurring and imputed items for the second quarter was EUR11 .3 m 
Castecka said the town hall would hold talks with other investors interested in the zone .
"The technology will become available to businesses from the fourth quarter 
"London open: Taylor Wimpey and Ashtead drive markets higher
BULLISH Engulfing of COCA COLA: http://stks.co/fYCo $KO
"The study was not designed to enable formal statistical evaluation of therapeutic activity 
"Upon completion of these transactions 
"Mika Stahlberg 
"MADISON 
Both companies ' existing investment plans will be coordinated .
#NDX component Tesla has announced it is recalling 2700 Model X SUVs. $TSLA
Finnish messaging solutions developer Tecnomen Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : TEM1V ) said on Thursday ( 11 December ) that it has received an expansion order for its Convergent Charging solution in Latin America .
Operating profit improved by 39.9 % to EUR 18.0 mn from EUR12 .8 mn .
The value of the contract is about EUR 27mn .
The parties have therefore agreed to leave Avena out of the deal .
"The company has also supplied more than 200 MW of power generating equipment for a number of projects in Papua New Guinea 
"In addition to fireplace exports 
Companies Thetrainline.com announces arrival of London IPO
"A Flurry Analytics spokesperson said that 
Pharmaceuticals - Italy This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Italy .
Swedbank 's shares have been hardest hit of the Swedish banks by the ongoing international financial crisis .
"Growth was strongest in F-Secure 's operator ISPs 
"Talvik says the relocation of application programs on servers will continue 
Gunneflo will be responsible of Oriola-KD 's Pharmaceutical Trade business in Sweden .
"Samsung currently occupies third place and lost ground during the quarter 
"Last week 
"In the second quarter of 2010 
Travel expenses would be reimbursed in accordance with the travel policy of the company .
"Pretax profit totalled EUR 80.8 mn 
11 August 2010 - Finnish measuring equipment maker Vaisala Oyj HEL : VAIAS said today that its net loss widened to EUR4 .8 m in the first half of 2010 from EUR2 .3 m in the corresponding period a year earlier .
Supreme Court Upholds $236 Million Jury Award Against ExxonMobil
"Of the price 
The purchase sum is about EUR 10mn US$ 12.97 mn .
The purpose of this action is to ensure company 's cost effectiveness this year and in the near future .
"In food trade 
Long $PCLN
"The company expects its net sales for the whole of 2007 to be EUR 950mn-1 
Apple Inc.: The Rip-Roaring Rally Is Just Beginning! (AAPL) | InvestorPlace $AAPL https://t.co/jrcFC8XlY9
"Purchase it for the 12MP snapper 
Upon completion of the deal Panostaja will establish a new business area within the group to focus on heat treatment of metals .
Diageo Sells Ryder Cup Venue Gleneagles Hotel to Ennismore Group
M. and a Master of Business Administration MBA .
"RT @joemccann the correleation between the dollar index and $SPY is simply amazing. $DX finds support
Profit after taxes totaled EUR 12.1 mn .
"Operating loss totalled EUR 4.0 mn 
"Finnish Scanfil 
Whitbread buys 49% stake in Pure food chain
` By separating side businesses we will be able to faster expand and develop Tapro retail network .
"Sudden optimism about iPhone sales (i.e.
"According to the company 
The company 's previous estimate was for a lower revenue than the year-ago EUR 93.9 million .
"Operating loss totalled EUR 12.7 mn 
"According to Scanfil 
The stock was hit by the profit warning of Finnish rival Rautaruukki Oyj ( OMX : RTRKS ) .
"Net sales of Finnish Sanoma Learning & Literature 
"Arto Ryymin 
"$TXRH reports Q1 EPS of $0.37 versus the estimated $0.35
@Megaas2000 $AAPL McDonalds had a big GROWING success for years with the same BigMac and Apple update and improbe Iphone and Ipad
The acquisition will considerably increase Kemira 's sales and market position in the Russian metal industry coatings market .
The Remote Radio head module will be available at 4W power for 2.5 GHz and 3.5 GHz TDD frequency bands .
Finnish forest machinery manufacturer Ponsse 's net sales grew to EUR 51.3 mn in the first quarter of 2010 from EUR 37.5 mn in the corresponding period in 2009 .
`` The lowering of prices by us and by our competitors shows that the real estate market has stabilised and returned into balance and apartments are acquiring a fair price in the eyes of our clients .
"Satama 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 rose to 275
"The natural source of isoprene is the tree species Hevea brasiliensis 
"According to Finnair Technical Services 
This would be a huge process .
$GPRO down 25% since Tue morning.
"LONDON AFX - Shares in Rautaruukki Corp have been upgraded to ` hold ' from ` sell ' by ABN Amro 
Operating profit decreased to EUR 16mn from EUR 21.1 mn in 2008 .
"The Costanza light 
The solution will be installed in the USA to support the North American operations of the customer .
LSC 's 30 employees will move to Ixonos with their existing status and benefits .
Raffles Equities Ltd became a substantial holder in Archer Exploration Ltd on January 12 with 11.7 million shares ( 18.2 pc ) .
Finnish Bank of +àland reports its operating profit fell to EUR 4.9 mn in the third quarter of 2007 from EUR 5.6 mn in the third quarter of 2006 .
Baird Upgrades Tesla Motors $TSLA to Outperform https://t.co/1FA6aTOqlw
Raute said it has won an order worth around 15 mln eur to supply several plywood production lines to mills operated by Russian wood products company Sveza Group .
"Metso Oyj said it has sold its spreader roll manufacturing business and related assets in the town of Nokia 
The combined value of the orders is EUR 45mn .
Tekla Group 's net sales for 2006 were approximately 50 million euros and operating result 13.6 million euros .
"Kai Tulonen 
"Enclosed is Affecto 's call for Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on July 10th where the main agenda is to approve the authorization to the Board for the proposed share issue related to the Component Software acquisition 
Earnings per share ( EPS ) in 2005 decreased to EUR1 .87 from EUR1 .89 in 2003 .
"As of July 2 
@REC_Zakaria Monday Bulls Are Out! Stock Ticker- Michael James Ent. Other picks $SBUX $GVP $NKE
The Group aims to increase its net sales and comparable operating profit in 2006 .
"Cencorp 's net sales in the first quarter is estimated to be EUR0.9-1 .2 m 
A paper mill in the central Maine town of Madison soon will have a new owner .
"The offer of some 30 million shares aimed to raise more than  x20ac 500 million US$ 640 million 
Efore 's results for the last quarter showed an even faster improvement as the company managed to better source its components .
"The company designs 
"CDP was established on the initiative of institutional investors ; however 
"In accordance with our strategy 
"Casinos red before the bell: $LVS -0.75%
"EPS for the quarter came in at 0.36 eur 
"In accordance with the terms and conditions of Alma Media 's 2006 option program 
The company will make its marketing and sales investments initiated in 2009 even more efficient in 2010 .
"EBIT totalled EUR 14.4 mn 
Orion 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 decreased to 36.5 mln euro ( $ 52.1 mln ) from 40.3 mln euro ( $ 57.5 mln ) a year earlier .
"The OMX Helsinki 25 ended 0.47 pct lower at 3
"The Basware Connectivity services allow companies to handle purchase to pay processes online and make their internal processes more efficient 
"At the same time profit of the company increased by 10 % in H1 and reached Ls 79
"The mill will have capacity to produce 500
"Operating profit totalled EUR 7.0 mn 
"@Stockoptionexpert: $MAT - 6%
"SysOpen Digia Plc 
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) rose to EUR 0.29 from EUR 0.05 .
@gakrum nice chart shows distinctive down channel not a dip.. where do you see the bottom? $SPY ..$150? ..$130?
The share subscription period will expire on 30 September 2007 .
$ENB.CA {Head&Shoulders} bullish reversal setup and breakout. Oil and Gas Pipleline stock. $USO
Severn Trent share price rises as first half profit inches up as customer ...
Name of Company in which holdings have been acquired : Citycon Oyj 2 .
"Aldata Solution Oyj Thomas Hoyer CFO More information : Aldata Solution Oyj 
easyJet leads Britain's FTSE lower as global bond rout resumes
Production is scheduled to start by the end of April 2007 .
"In Asia earlier 
"Fiskars 
"`` Every partner will be allowed to buy a quantity of electricity corresponding to their share in the consortium 
"The Board established a Remuneration Committee with following members : - Sari Baldauf Chairman - Tapio Hintikka - Heikki Westerlund In addition 
"The method utilises waterborne Ultra products 
Berkshire seeks to boost its Wells Fargo stake above 10 percent
"The agreement will provide The Switch with double the converter capacity 
"Due to Pirkka beer 
"Metsaliitto will sell 1.1 million B shares of Neomarkka 
"The huge bridge girders will be delivered to the site from our plant in Ylivieska 
"Von Koskull will oversee a new unit of Nordea 
"Thanks to the multiplying effect of wagon performance 
"According to its notice 
The Line 4 will run fully underground and will comprise 10 stations which will be executed in two implementation stages .
"The Finnish supplier of BSS-OSS and VAS for telecom operators 
in Q1 2010 18 May 2010 - Finnish electrical components maker Salcomp Oy ( HEL : SAL1V ) said today it turned to a net profit of EUR1 .6 m in the first quarter of 2010 versus a loss of EUR2m in the corresponding period last year .
"The second variant offers complete final finishing of any selected apartment with foreign high quality materials ( Finland 
Net profit in the same period in 2006 was (  x20ac ) 172 million .
Breaking 52 week highs timing looks great now $AHS $BABY $POST $IGE $IRDM $EWBC $PHYS $ULTA $VNET $BIV https://t.co/11K8JzuzMU
The repurchases shall decrease the distributable capital and reserves .
$STX move off the bottom but still in bear market #datasecurity $EMC $SNDK $WDC https://t.co/VkYdWPxeSN
The organization that is a member of the Russian auto sector union MPRA has become active since Tikkurila acquired Russian paint company Kraski Teks in 2006 .
The new shares entitle their holders to dividends for fiscal 2006 .
"EBITDA for the year 2009 improved to EUR484m 
"Finnish Talentum reports its operating profit increased to EUR 20.5 mn in 2005 from EUR 9.3 mn in 2004 
"Both operating profit and turnover for the three-month period increased 
The bridge will be 1.2 km long and is located between Anasmotet by the road E20 and the new traffic junction in Marieholm by the road E45 .
Finnish electronics manufacturer PKC Group Oyj ( OMX Helsinki : PKC1V ) said on Wednesday ( 31 December ) that it has completed the acquisition of MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG 's cable harness business from MAN Star Trucks & Buses Spolka zoo in Poland .
"Veidekke 
"To our members and partners 
Protalix is developing genetically engineered proteins from plant cells .
Decisions are to be made as quickly as possible .
$CAT is hangin on my a thread. 1click away from a cliff drop.. Needs follow through (or snap-back on the VIX)
The incident happened at 2:30 p.m. on Avenue 192 at Road 196 .
Verizon and AT&T accused of hurting rivals
`` The CHF is a great product .
"At 1411 CET 
The cooperation with airBaltic is expected to lead to the transfer of Finncomm to the ownership of airBaltic in time .
"Loaded up on $bsx yesterday
"The Lemminkainen Group 
"The power supplies 
Pertti Ervi is independent from the Company and its major shareholders .
"In parallel 
"`` We cut our frequency to New York last year 
"Mr Ashley 
"Exel Composites ' long-term growth prospects remain favourable 
"By combining its existing solutions into a single platform 
Shell share price: Standard Life announce position against BG acquisition
SAB's Chairman Digs In With Board Divided on InBev Offer
The company said that sales in the three months to the end of March slid to EUR86 .4 m US$ 113.4 m from EUR91 .2 m last year .
$TROW Ascending triangle gives a bullish bias to this chart. Breakout above 84 will be positive http://stks.co/g0ls5
"The total scope of the project is about 38
Net interest income increased by 4.5 % to EUR 31.4 mn from EUR 30.0 mn in 2004 .
"In addition 
"HELSINKI AFX - KCI Konecranes said it has raised its stake in MMH Holdings Inc 
A CUT ABOVE Bring the outdoors in with these birch-branch coasters .
Consolidated operating profit from continuing operations decreased by 62.3 % to EUR 51.2 mn from EUR 135.7 mn in 2007 .
The contract value amounts to EUR 2.4 million .
Net sales of Finnish food industry company L+ñnnen Tehtaat 's continuing operations increased by 13 % in 2008 to EUR 349.1 mn from EUR 309.6 mn in 2007 .
The acquisition of Kaupthing Sverige will bring a significant positive non-recurring addition to the group 's performance .
"( ADP News ) - Nov 5 
Renesas Mobile Europe Ltd has approximately 470 employees in Oulu .
Self-service and automation are in a bigger role now and Fujitsu 's global resources will be exploited effectively .
"- The Group -¦ s profit before taxes was EUR 0
"The permanent magnet generators and power converters are today the preferred solution in new wind turbine designs 
Finnish Rautaruukki has been awarded a contract to supply and install steel superstructures for the Partihallsf+Ârbindelsen bridge in Gothenburg in Sweden .
The fair value of CapMan Plc 's own investments on 30 September 2008 amounted to MEUR 59.8 .
UPDATE: Barclays Expects Gain After Settling With Lehman Bros Trustee
"ST. PETERSBURG 
"Nokia also noted the average selling price of handsets declined during the period 
"WPP
"In Q1 of 2009 
Finnish lifting equipment maker Konecranes HEL : KCR1V said on 29 July 2009 it has raised its stake in Austrian manipulator maker ACS Konecranes to 80 % and bought German sector player Knight Europe .
"Cash flow after investments amounted to EUR45m 
"The Baltimore Police and Fire Pension 
Scanfil plc is a global contract manufacturer and systems supplier for communication and industrial electronics .
"It 's `` finger-friendly '' 
The Board of Directors has proposed the Extraordinary General Meeting to authorise the Board to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 30mn new shares in one or more share issues .
down to EUR5 .9 m H1 '09 3 August 2009 - Finnish media group Ilkka-Yhtyma Oyj ( HEL : ILK2S ) said today its net profit fell 45 % on the year to EUR5 .9 m in the first half of 2009 .
"According to Sweden 's Minister for Local Government and Financial Markets 
"Mobile phone shipments jumped 26 percent to almost 112 million units 
"According to Mark White 
$SPY Could the pride of social media be gettin ready to fall?  $FB - chart rolling over?
"According to Viking Line 's Managing Director 
"MegaFon 's subscriber base increased 16.1 % in 2009 to 50.5 million users as of December 31 
Finnair believes the strike will cause it daily net losses in excess of EUR 2mn due to canceled reservations and passenger re-routing .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 11 
"The contract covers turnkey deliveries to all five airports operated by the authority -- John F Kennedy 
A total of 140 jobs will be reduced at the Raahe Steel Works .
"In a release on Oct. 28 
23 April 2010 - Finnish construction and engineering company Outotec Oyj HEL : OTE1V said today it slipped to a net loss of EUR7 .3 m in the first quarter of 2010 from a net profit of EUR12 .5 m in the corresponding period last year .
"Repair and maintenance business accounted for net sales of EUR 645.3 mn 
"STORA ENSO 
Valmet Automotive reports net sales of EUR 85mn and operating profit of EUR 8mn .
"Profit for the period was EUR 9.8 mn 
"In Sweden 
The firm builds components for mobile phones and other communications products .
"Capacity will ease at its Seikku sawmill in Pori and Alholma sawmill in Pietarsaari and result in 60 people being laid off for around six weeks starting mid-May 
"Exel 's board of directors will propose a dividend of 0.2 euro $ 0.3 per share for 2006 at the annual general meeting on April 19 
"He announced a `` solutions unit '' to speed co-operation in August 
The authorization is in force for a period of 18 months from the resolution by the General Meeting .
"Revenue for the quarter totaled 27.4 billion 
"In Sweden 
Rolls-Royce to Ensure Compliance After Petrobras Bribery Report
Japan's Nikkei lands Financial Times in $1.3 billion deal
"The manager is critical of politicians ' failure to differentiate between beleaguered European financial institutions and Skandinavian banks 
The plant would use palm oil certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) .
All depends on financing .
Finnish publishing and printing group Ilkka-Yhtym+ñ will introduced a staff smoking ban as of the beginning of 2007 at the company 's three newspapers .
These savings will have full impact as of the beginning of 2007 .
The ship unloader is totally enclosed along the entire conveying line to the storage facilities .
"Entire paper mills may be set up 
Rapala estimates its net sales for 2008 will increase by between 8.0 pct and 12 pct assuming 2007 exchange rates .
"Both operating profit and net sales for the six-month period increased 
"Jukka Hienonen 
Price talk is in the Euribor plus 2 bps area and the sole lead is Citigroup .
The properties were purchased from Swedish private equity real estate firm Niam and Goldman Sachs ' Whitehall Street Real Estate Funds .
Sunrise Resources operates in Russian near-shore development markets through its wholly-owned Russian subsidiary and has 80 % of its personnel in Russia .
"$FAST $GWW - daily sales slowing again
"As a result 
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial expected revenue of $ 69 million for the quarter .
"20 October 2010 - Finnish environmental management company Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj HEL : LAT1V 
"The total number of shares in the company will be 585
`` The new unit is a major investment in the Finnish media scene .
Yahoo stock is up to $36.46 as the bidding war picks up for the company https://t.co/JDNZXDCMkl $YHOO https://t.co/HmOegfHgvn
"We know that it exists 
Long $ENDP @ $26.23 on $AGN b/o rumor
"Kesko pursues a strategy of healthy 
Timberrrr $TSLA https://t.co/MRBgfDHHVa
Return on capital employed rose by 4.8 percentage points to 19.6 % .
"The period-end cash and cash equivalents totaled EUR6 .5 m 
More than 80 special events in the three counties during four months were hosted by the library system and its nine branch libraries .
EPS grew to 0.04 eur from 0.02 eur .
Net cash flow from operations is expected to remain positive .
"( ADP News ) - Nov 28 
$AXP Looking for continuation with volume increase http://stks.co/c8sR
Uponor improved its performance in spite of the decrease in residential construction in the US .
"These include software development for internet and mobile telephone content 
$SPY extreme win today - 2 cents above 2009  low on 10-year and $SPY up 2 percent - life is a bowl of cherries - great short setting up $$
"Nokia shares hit 13.21 euros on Friday 
It will focus on improving its profitability next year by streamlining operations .
At the same time I am delighted by the fact that we were able to accomplish the organization with our own team members .
The server is responsible for managing devices and user accounts and a desktop client application enables remote access to the mobile phones .
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) were EUR0 .03 
"The company 's transportation business is conducted through Florida Rock & Tank Lines 
The iPad application joins the iPhone app as part of Monster 's range of mobile applications for job hunting .
Currently more than 100 of Global Fortune 500 companies are using SSH security solutions .
10 February 2011 - Finnish media company Sanoma Oyj HEL : SAA1V said yesterday its 2010 net profit almost tripled to EUR297 .3 m from EUR107 .1 m for 2009 and announced a proposal for a raised payout .
"Aberdeen AM posts H1 outflows
$AAPL  downgrade is bias. This stock is a buy.
$DNKN $KKD $DPZ $LOCO Inside week buy triggers. http://stks.co/h0vV8  http://stks.co/r0ebN
"Operating profit 
$UGAZ Will this cold put a dent in the massive horizontal rig production. Who knows  http://stks.co/p1V6P
"$amrn Full bull call spread ranging July to Jan 15. Lets see what this baby does
"$AAPL AAPL finally breaking under the 49 M.A.. With no buybacks this week
"In a recent interview with the Financial Times ( FT ) 
Technopolis has approximately 130 customer companies in Jyvaskyla .
CRH adds CR Laurence to acquisitions tally for $1.3bn
Nordea will coordinate the syndicated loan .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 5.5 mn 
The value of the contract is EUR 25mn .
The real estate company posted a net loss of +ó  x201a -¼ 59.3 million +ó  x201a -¼ 0.21 per share compared with a net profit of +ó  x201a -¼ 31 million +ó  x201a -¼ 0.11 per share for the corresponding quarter of 2007 .
BBCN Bancorp to buy Wilshire Bancorp in $1 bln deal
Cramo slipped to a pretax loss of EUR 6.7 million from a pretax profit of EUR 58.9 million .
"Stora Enso R shares rose 1.20 pct to 11.84 eur 
"Finnish lifting equipment maker Kone Oyj said on October 4 
"( ADP News ) - Feb 12 
"Swedbank Hypotek - Is to issue a benchmark 
The report will be emailed within 2 business days of an order .
"UPM said the move will lower net profit by  x20ac 385 million US$ 520 million in the second quarter 
Finnish meat company Atria can no longer promise a sufficient amount of domestic beef to its customers .
Metso said it has won an order worth around 40 mln eur to supply a kraftliner board machine to China 's Lee & Man Paper Co. .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 11 
@BULLYA @pollux654321 My 50 $KORS 80 Calls are going to b a Blessing for my Daughters tuition!
"The Tekla Structures product box 
The company reports a loss for the period of EUR 0.4 mn compared to a loss of EUR 1.9 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"Elsewhere 
"According to Seikku 
Tesco Abandons Video-Streaming Ambitions in Blinkbox Sale
Royal Mail share price edges lower as group raises stamp price
"However 
"Group EBIT for the first half was EUR13 .6 m US$ 17.8 m 
The company anticipates its turnover for the whole 2010 to surpass that of the previous year when it was EUR 67.1 million .
"Finnish financial software solutions developer BasWare Oyj said its net profit fell to 884
"The StoneGate product family was designed to provide the full benefits of a unified management system including shared logging 
"Cash flow from operations totalled EUR 2.71 mn 
TeliaSonera said about $ 100 million will be invested in the next year in the region to bring mobile coverage to about 90 % of Nepal s population .
To see a slide show of all the newest product releases from Fiskars .
"However 
The orders also include a few high-power drives for the control of seismic compressors .
"She will succeed Krister Kylas 
"Payment for acquired shares will be made in cash 
"Approximately SEK 166 million in repayments has been demanded for overcharging in the Stockholm area 
"After the transaction 
The business area 's net sales were slightly over 2m in 2006 .
"The repayment of EUR 105 million debenture bonds is related to the Company 's previous announcement on October 21 
"Loss after financial items totalled EUR 9.7 mn 
"Tecnotree 's convergent charging solution includes functionality for prepaid and post-paid billing 
"ADPnews - Jul 17 
The group will expand the chain to include 45 stores .
"Sales at the Tiimari business went down by 8 % to EUR 11.8 million 
"Supported Nokia phones include : N96 
The first group of customers to be trained will be paint-shop owners and their assistants .
"Arvo Vuorenmaa 
The lay-offs will affect 240 people out of the total 320 Okmetic employees in Finland .
Finnish M-real 's Kyro mill is starting negotiations to cut staff .
"According to Swedish authorities 
"Among other industrial stocks 
Terms were not disclosed .
"The expanded agreement covers the sale 
"Raute reported a loss per share of EUR0 .86 for the first half of 2009 
"Salcomp Oyj 
AstraZeneca chases Acerta to secure next cancer drug winner
The company is reportedly searching for a replacement for CEO Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo .
"The total size of the complex is around 25
"Before FKI 
Kaupthing Bank will publish its annual results for 2007 before markets open on Thursday 31 January .
City CU Welcomes DART Members DALLAS-City CU welcomes the members of DART FCU as they merge with City CU .
"Danske Bank A-S DANSKE DC jumped 3.7 percent to 133.4 kroner 
26 November 2010 - Finnish sports-equipment maker Amer Sports Oyj ( HEL : AMEAS ) said today it has obtained a EUR30m Schuldschein note loan from a pool of international investors .
Held its recent double bottom buy point of 56.57 almost to the penny today $WMT http://chart.ly/6nosp5q
The first phase will be completed by the end of 2012 .
The contract was signed in August with Papua New Guinea-based Lihir Gold Ltd ASX : LGL .
Warren Buffett defends Berkshire Hathaway's conglomerate structure
Short more $FAZ for all who don't know that means markets will tank now :-p
The company will issue an inaugural Eurobond deal in the near future subject to market conditions .
"The 2500-passenger ferry will have dimensions of 185 m length overall 
"Are Aviva plc
Rapala aims to move the distribution unit Ragot from Loudeac in Bretagne and the distribution unit Waterqueen and the fishing line supplier Tortue from Saint Marcel in Central France to Morvillars .
"The project will be a 2 x 600 MW coal-fired power plant 
"Glaston 's own glass processing unit 
The deal strengthens Ramirent 's position especially in the industrial sector and in large investment projects .
"The mall is part of the Baltic Pearl development project in the city of St Petersburg 
Double bottom with handle buy point of 29.51 $IP http://chart.ly/akvujxh
"Finnish construction company YIT is reducing the number of start-ups of market-financed residential units in 2007 to about 2
The Company said that previously EB delivered a custom solution for LG Electronics and now is making it commercially available for other mobile terminal vendors as well as to wireless operators .
"Lemminkainen Infra Oy 's subsidiary Lemminkainen Sverige AB will perform the construction work 
6 October 2010 - Finnish paints and coatings company Tikkurila Oyj HEL : TIK1V announced today the launch of Tikkurila ProHouse method for protection of wooden surfaces via treatment with Ultra Pro waterborne products .
Payment of shares shall be effected on subscription .
$ocn has the stuff. Will be looking to add shares if we get a new high breakout.
"in Q1 '10 19 April 2010 - Finnish forest machinery and equipment maker Ponsse Oyj HEL : PON1V said today that it expects to swing to a net profit of some EUR6 .3 m in the first quarter of 2010 
"Finnish construction company YIT Oyj said on November 13 
Through this transaction we are able to participate in developing the industry .
"As a result of the cancellation 
"Lee & Man Paper and Metso have a long and prosperous co-operation 
"In September alone 
"ADP News - May 29 
"Thus the group 's balance sheet will have about EUR 25.8 million of goodwill 
Sanoma Magazines ' net sales are estimated to grow in 2006 .
In the meantime the CEO 's duties will be assumed by Outotec 's Deputy CEO Seppo Rantakari .
The Department Store Division 's sales fell by 8.6 % to EUR 140.2 mn .
Kone shares dropped 4.1 percent to  x20ac 43 US$ 55.77 in Helsinki .
"Finnish Larox has signed a contract with the Talvivaara Project for the delivery of filters to the Talvivaara nickel mine in Sotkamo 
"Net cash from operating activities was a negative EUR 0.3 mn 
Coffee will be served starting at 14:30 EET as well as after the event .
"At 12.01 pm 
"The gross area of eight houses will be 12
"For example 
"Acando AB ( ACANB SS ) fell 8.9 percent to 13.35 kronor 
"Also 
8 May 2009 - Finnish liquid handling products and diagnostic test systems maker Biohit Oyj ( HEL : BIOBV ) said today ( 8 May 2009 ) its net loss narrowed to EUR0 .1 m ( USD0 .14 m ) for the first quarter of 2009 from EUR0 .4 m for the same period of 2008 .
"The subject of the project is provide to the company like : Software programming and consultancy services 
This is due to the postponement of the decision-making of projects in the negotiation phase from the earlier estimation .
"Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 56.5 mn 
$TSLA is now up 57% from its February low. Amazing rebound.
Finnish logistics and information solutions provider Done Solutions Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : DSO1V ) reported on Wednesday ( 29 October ) an operating profit of EUR3 .6 m on net sales of EUR35 .1 m for the period January-September 2008 .
"If Honkarakenne starts production there 
"$YNDX and the price of some stocks was 2 times lower then annual earnings
"In 2009 
Stora Enso 's target has been cut to EUR 4.85 from EUR 5.55 and Holmen 's target -- to SEK 135 from SEK 150 .
"In 2008 
$renn topping tail 5 min. chart at 7.31 short from here.
Return on investment ROI was 4.1 % compared to 43.8 % in the first half of 2008 .
The company said that the results of the third quarter do not include non-recurring items .
"Finnish software and hardware developer Elektrobit Oyj HEL : EBG1V 
"Operating profit excluding non-recurring items amounted to EUR 40.6 mn 
"As part of the transaction 
The annual net sales of the unit is some EUR 5 million and it currently employs some 55 people .
"The platform is based built on Intel s second-generation MID platform 
"`` We are proud to welcome another distribution facility to north Mississippi and the region known as the logistics center of the United States 
"Mr Clausen 
GenVec is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutic drugs and vaccines .
Cargo volume grew by 7 % .
The estimated synergy benefits are at least EUR7m annually .
"The service is intended to allow the people of thirteen Mediterranean countries to reach the Baltic more rapidly 
Sainsbury sells unit to LloydsPharmacy
Talvivaara also maintains its assumption of turning cash flow positive before the year end .
"@harmongreg: $BBRY wkly
The proposal that the Board of Directors will make at the Annual General Meeting is attached as a whole to this release .
$DUG weekly stochastics finally starting to turn up after long consolidation. Buying here.
Metso estimates the need for personnel reductions to amount to 25 people .
"The transaction will have a positive impact of around EUR2m on earnings 
"Finnish Metso will supply new wood handling and bleaching lines 
Market Report: Aviva tops the market as traders approve of its choice of Friends
At CapMan Haavisto will be responsible for Group Finances and Accounting and IT .
"They re in a race with Google to get lots of users onto their service as social networking creates new business models 
The airline 's share price closed down slightly at (  x20ac ) 12.51 ( $ 15US .74 ) in Helsinki .
$AAPL iPhone shipments on track to exceed forecasts - MarketWatch https://t.co/2CXahJIX7d
"Both operating profit and net sales for the 12-month period increased 
"For Telenor 
Kalmar has been awarded a new 5-year contract to supply its Rough Terrain Container Handler RTCH .
Componenta will also offer a five-year subordinated loan for subscription by the public .
He joined Rautakirja in 1997 to lead one of its four business areas and took up the position of President and CEO in 2001 .
"According to Saarioinen 's Managing Director Ilkka M+ñkel+ñ 
"Member of the HK Ruokatalo Group in Finland 
As a result of these negotiations the company has decided to make 45 people redundant on financial and production grounds .
"Our customers come from the following countries : UK 
Primark racks up a happy Christmas after strong sales
Repeats sees 2008 operating profit down y-y ( Reporting by Helsinki Newsroom ) Keywords : TECNOMEN-RESULTS
Net investment income
"The flagship will open this fall in Manhattan 's Flatiron District in the `` Toy Building 
"CS Cabot exports 55 % of its production mainly to Goodyear 
"However 
`` BG Crane has been a strong partner for Hiab in Australia for many years .
"`` The industry is coming to an interesting fork in the road as both handset manufacturers and wireless carriers attempt to serve as the portal for Web-based service to your wireless handset 
The acquisition of +àlandsbanken Sverige in 2009 burdened the performance with EUR 3.0 mn .
"The group 's operating loss was EUR 0.8 mn 
"According to PKC 
Bilfinger Industrial Services win Â£100m BP contract extension
"The sale will be finalized in September or October 
longed $AMZN 300 @ 189.82
"Motorola 
This combined with foreign investments creates interesting opportunities for Solteq .
Diageo receives reports from United Spirits on financial irregularities involving ...
Operating profit rose from EUR 1.94 mn to EUR 2.45 mn .
The terms of the transactions remained undisclosed .
Neste Oil will offer outplacement services to the 111 employees to be reduced .
Anheuser-Busch InBev Increases Offer for Rival SABMiller
The net sales decreased to EUR 49.8 million from EUR 59.9 million .
"Neste Oil will publish its third quarter 2008 results on Friday 
SHARE REPURCHASE 11.01.2008 In the Helsinki Stock Exchange On behalf of Sampo plc Danske Bank A-S Helsinki Branch
"According to CEO Matti Karppinen 
Think $FMS will challendge 200-EMA in not distant future.   Look at yesterday's volume
"Incap Contract Manufacturing Services Pvt Ltd 
"In Finland 
"The orders are for 26 machine-room-less KONE MonoSpace elevators 
The sale will lead to a pretax capital gain of EUR 22 million for the Finnish company in 2011 .
The order is a follow-on to an 11 mln euro ( $ 16.1 mln ) deal made in July 2007 .
"`` Soon after 
Pharmaceuticals - Spain This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Spain .
Finnish forest industry group Stora Enso Oyj issued on Thursday ( 20 March ) a profit warning for the first quarter 2008 .
The Group 's order portfolio decreased from EUR 42.9 mn in 9-2007 to EUR 33.3 mn in 2-2008 .
Pretax profit jumped to EUR 21.9 million from EUR 3.1 million .
"The result will also be burdened by increased fixed costs associated with operations in China 
"The company has decided to stop the operations of Ruukki Construction Division in Latvia and Lithuania 
Credit Suisse poaches Prudential's Thiam for Asian push
Tesco share price dips as Blinkbox Books closes ending supermarket's digital ...
"The dollar bounced back after hitting another record low against the euro 
"News FeedSchroders books solid earnings growth
Basware Business Transactions Service enables the customer to receive and send invoices in an electronic format .
The majority of the company 's personnel in Finland is temporarily laid off from one to six weeks in the period from February to June 2009 period .
"The payment date is March 25 
$SBUX inverted head & shoulders pattern in the works. bullish.
"The Annual General Meeting approved a dividend of EUR 0.10 per share 
"The one dark spot on the horizon 
`` We could be there .
Commodity Channel Index Indicator signaled a Oversold for $FB #stockmarket https://t.co/VM32d3M9xi https://t.co/cvkojk05Xn
"The acquisition was financed with $ 2.56 billion of debt arranged by Goldman 
A memorandum of understanding on cooperation between the Finnish Global Chemical Company KEMIRA and Vietnam National Chemicals Group ( Vinachem ) was signed on this occasion .
"Having a China based operation will not only enable us to fully leverage our resources and expertise in wireless solutions 
"The company reported net sales of EUR550m in 2005 and had some 3
"HELSINKI (Thomson Financial)- Kemira GrowHow swung into profit in its first quarter earnings on improved sales 
"The fish content of the nuggets is 85 % 
"The Ministry of Water in Tanzania has awarded Poyry a water and sanitation engineering assignment for the rehabilitation and extension of water supply and sanitation infrastructure in Bukoba and Musoma 
The company is studying the feasibility of focusing most of its processed meat production in the Vantaa facilities and the processing of fresh meat in the Forssa facilities .
The initial estimated total value was 1744900 EUR and the final award value was 1744900 EUR .
"The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ 
The shops are located in the capital region and the Paijat-Hame region .
$GPS Gap September Comparable Store Sales -4%
"OCBC to Buy Barclay's Wealth Management Unit in Singapore
Pretax profit decreased by 37 % to EUR 193.1 mn from EUR 305.6 mn .
"Cencorp 
Costco: A Premier Retail Dividend Play https://t.co/J3UhTs022M $COST
Ruukki Group calculates that it has lost EUR 4mn in the failed project .
Finnish food company Raisio Oyj HEL : RAIVV said on Friday it has wrapped up the divestment of its margarine operations to US sector player Bunge Ltd NYSE : BG for EUR80m USD119 .2 m .
`` We are pleased with the efforts of both negotiating teams and look forward to a productive four years ahead . ''
Sold some $TSLA Puts this morning Closed them at the close. Helps pay for monthly expenses
Atria said its offer would give the Swedish company continued ownership and control of its slaughtering and cutting operations .
Finnish Bank of +àland +àlandsbanken has issued a profit warning .
"Thanks to the internet 
"Later on 
It is hand-painted resin with real 14-0 trebles and is 75cm long by 25cm deep from top to bottom of the middle hook .
Operating profit excluding non-recurring items totaled EUR 5.4 mn compared to EUR 5.5 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
Finnish media company Talentum Oyj 's net profit decreased to 2.5 mln euro ( $ 4.0 mln ) for the first quarter of 2008 from 3.0 mln euro ( $ 4.7 mln ) for the same period of 2007 .
The company 's market share is continued to increase further .
"Under the plan 
"Participants at any of the book discussions or other special events 
The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement .
"ALEXANDRIA 
Rapala Fishing Frenzy 2009 .
"JP Morgan expects that Scala will lower Nobel Biocare 's growth forecast for 2007 from the current guidance of 23-25 pct 
Latvenergo has ordered a significant expansion to the Tekla Xpower network information system .
3 January 2011 - Finnish flag carrier Finnair Oyj ( HEL : FIA1S ) said today it sealed a nine-year sale and leaseback agreement for its newest Airbus A330 aircraft for syndication into the Japanese operating lease market .
Pharmaceuticals - Belgium This brand-new market analysis gives a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the pharmaceutical market in Belgium .
Jon Risfelt is 49 years old holds a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering from the Swedish Royal Institute of Technology .
"The first phase of the logistics complex envisages the completion of some 70
The Elcoteq group recently announced that the last three months of the previous year brought to it a major loss of more than half a billion kroons ( EUR 32 mln ) for the fifth quarter running .
"In today s business 
"The hosting mobile terminal guides information flow between itself 
"According to Olvi 's Managing Director Lasse Aho 
"BHP Billiton slashes dividend
"- BEIJING XFN-ASIA - Hong Kong-listed Standard Chartered Bank said it has signed a China mobile phone dealer financing agreement with Nokia 
$GOOGL gets an upgrade price target $970
"Operating profit for the three-month period increased from EUR1 .2 m 
`` Stonesoft sees great promise in the future of IPv6 .
Finnish operator Elisa and Aker Yards have signed a long-term service deal through which Elisa will deliver all necessary voice and data services for Aker Yards in Finland .
$BWLD bearish engulfing candle
Strong growth has continued also in China .
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil had net sales of EUR 52.2 mn in the first quarter of 2007 
"Sanoma Learning & Literature 
"The company has the poser 
$GILD  is expanding its research facilities...keeping up with the pace of innovation  https://t.co/uOE7FJ4LOP
"At the end of the review period 
Standard Chartered lags on capital worries
The value of the order is nearly EUR400m .
"The company operates a U.S. division in Lisle 
The front surfaces of these valve plates are directed towards each other .
"Combining the two producers will create a strong EU-based fertilizer industry capable of meeting global competition 
"Sponda is a property investment company 
Amanda said that it had already made a USD5 .0 m investment commitment in Russia Partners II fund in July 2005 .
$RDC Rowan Expands Share Repurchase Program to $150 million
$TNH Looks like an explosive setup if it can break the 20EMA and 105 level http://stks.co/b1SVH
"The first four of the new shop-in-shops will be opened this spring : on Madison Avenue in New York as well as in Chicago 
Pretax profit decreased to EUR 33.8 mn from EUR 40.8 mn in the fourth quarter of 2005 .
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to EUR1 .37 
"However 
"`` We will now 
"In the reporting period 
"Finnish Ponsse has signed an agreement with Babcock Africa for the distribution and support of Ponsse forest machines 
"ASPO Plc STOCK EXCHANGE BULLETIN October 24 
Bought some more $CELG as it is ready for a bounce.
"In providing managed services 
"In January 
Juha-Pekka Weckstr+Âm has been appointed President of telecom group TeliaSonera Finland to succeed Esa Rautalinko .
"The Finnish real estate investment company Interavanti Oyj said on Monday ( 22 September ) that it has agreed to sell its 65 % ownership in the Finnish ticket service company Lippupiste Oy to CTS Eventim AG ( 56
"Unbelievably 
"The company is now intensifying its smelter operations and increasing its annual production capacity to 230
"Nurminen Logistics provides high-quality logistics services 
IonPhasE 's second major owner is venture capital firm Aura Capital .
"Under the rental agreement 
Net sales fell by 5 % from the previous accounting period .
"The EB Tough VoIP Field Phone is equipped with an integrated speaker 
"According to CEO Hannu Syrj+ñnen 
Industry NewsMorrisons unveils which stores will close as 900 jobs face the axe
Sanoma News ' advertising sales decreased by 22 % during the year .
"Xerox and Stora Enso have teamed up to tailor the iGen3 to the short-run 
"In the third quarter of fiscal 2008 Efore swung to a net loss of EUR 400
$FB I've been dead on so far. Such a bloated valuation. https://t.co/czCf8Kbrlt
An individual promotion also generated slightly higher-than-expected revenues .
"Headquartered in this city 
$TSLA Wish had my puts back but see if we can find support around 243.39 and pop up so that I can get back in. https://t.co/hFkLq3WObV
"Tecnomen 
"( ADP News ) - Jan 22 
"Finnish plumbing and heating systems supplier Uponor 's net sales in continuing business operations decreased to EUR 249.1 mn in July-September 2008 
$TSLA <STUDY the CHARTS> Pullback_Time https://t.co/ZMDG0fb3I7
Tesco criticised for 'disgraceful' advert showing domestic worker being slapped
"Componenta is a metal sector company with international operations and production plants located in Finland 
The company 's net sales in 2009 totalled MEUR 307.8 with an operating margin of 13.5 per cent .
Multi Top on $MCD chart finally leads to a fall in price.  Stability is questioned in the stock but coming weeks will tell.
long $SDLP $CPGX $TWTR $BITA $LABU $FB $TSLA $ETE $SDRL  Autocharts @ https://t.co/nxLx1ES7nY
The company will use the assets for strengthening its balance sheet and financial position .
"However 
$PRLB hanging tough in down market due to analyst upgrades last week. Up almost 3%.
BasWare Order Matching automatically matches purchase invoices with approved purchase orders .
More than a third of the original participants dropped out due to nausea and other side effects .
London Stock Exchange Shareholders Approve Merger With Deutsche BÃ¶rse
Electricity consumption grows with higher frequencies .
"`` The bond gathered subscriptions from some 400 investors and the issued amount can be considered substantial taking into account the main target group -- retail investors 
The recruits who have completed the K-retailer trainee program are qualified to start a career as independent retailers in K-stores .
"Finnish security and privacy software solutions developer Stonesoft Oyj said on January 7 
"Nokia Siemens Networks provides mobile and fixed network infrastructure 
"Glaston 's share GLA1V is listed on the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki 
"Cargotec 's sales totalled EUR 3.4 billion in 2008 and it employs approximately 11
Horizonte acquires neighbouring Glencore nickel property in Brazil
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Konecranes Oyj KCR1V FH fell 5.5 percent to 20.51 euros 
SRV lowered its net sales estimate for the whole of 2008 due to uncertainties in housing sales .
"In Finland 
"Swiss bank Credit Suisse International will act as an investor in the locomotive manufacturing plant 
"Investments span across various product and investment types 
"TietoEnator was down 1.13 pct to 18.38 
Aspo serves demanding business-to-business customers .
The recent troubles simply make NETeller cheaper .
"Seventy-three of those also have more extensive training in products built on the latest ArchestrA technologies 
"In 2007 
"Pretax profit totalled EUR 2.0 mn 
"Britain's FTSE outperforms Europe
"Finnish construction group Lemminkainen Oyj HEL : LEM1S said today it has won a contract to provide technical services for the Nevsky Centre shopping mall to be opened in November in St Petersburg 
`` It allows the young child to move forward with his life . ''
"`` BasWare 's product sales grew strongly in the financial period 
Scanfil will execute the temporary lay-offs by mid-October 2009 and the job cuts by March 2010 .
"Raute posted a net profit of 1.8 mln euro $ 2.6 mln for the third quarter of 2007 
This new partnership agreement represents a significant milestone for both parties .
It has some 30 offices worldwide and more than 90 pct of its net sales are generated outside Finland .
"After the sale 
services supplier Efore Plc to streamline operations in Finland and the US Finnish electronic systems and services supplier Efore Plc ( OMX Helsinki : EFO1V ) said on Tuesday ( 3 February ) that it has initiated statutory negotiations regarding a streamlining of its operations in Finland .
"Operating loss was EUR 179mn 
"As a result of the transaction 
"Earnings per share ( EPS ) in the first half of 2007 amounted to EUR0 .29 
$AAPL Good time to buy. Will the run come before earnings or after?
The indexes include the top companies that are committed to sustainable development .
Altogether Finnair has canceled over 500 flights because of the strike .
"$ONTY Continues to base as debate lingers. ONT-10 data next potential catalyst. If positive
"Back then 
"Exports of goods fell by 59 % 
"In addition a reduction of nine persons will be made through pension or other arrangements 
"Operating loss totalled EUR 5.2 mn 
The companies signed the letter of intent for the sale on 17 September 2010 and envisaged to seal the actual agreement on 1 January 2011 .
"@TraceyRyniec not just energy
Negotiations with representatives of the personnel regarding the restructuring process have now been ended .
$DDD 3D Systems (DDD) Stock Receives Ratings Downgrade Today at Jefferies http://stks.co/g1cqd
"Under a memorandum of understanding MoU the parties will collaborate in preparing and implementing joint projects in the fields of combined power and heat generation 
The new factory working model and reorganisations would decrease Nokian Tyres ' costs in the factory by EUR 30 million ( USD 38.7 m ) .
"After the reporting period 
$AEGN MACD and ADX are crossing over the signal lines! Long Setup http://stks.co/qzzx
"A total of 16.5 mn passenger ship journeys took place in the northern Baltic Sea in 2007 
$AAPL rejected the hod...should head lower. Sitting on the sidelines for now.
"As the world leaders in developing UV technology for municipal wastewater 
Net sales dropped by 6 % year-on-year to EUR 11.9 million .
Lemcon signed an investment cooperation agreement with the Kaluga regional administration last November .
"GENEVA 
Total value of the contract is about EUR 10mn .
"International sales rose by 59.8 % to EUR 1
Componenta increased its stake in Turkish steel company Doktas Dokumculuk Ticaret ve Sanayi A.S. to 92.6 pct stake in March 2007 .
The customer is cooperative retailer Osuuskauppa Suur-Savo .
"`` Tweeple should check who 's following them 
"The opportunity will be available only for few employees 
South African Sappi will become the largest foreign forest industry company operating in Finland as a result of the acquisition Finnish M-real Corporation 's Graphic Papers Business unit .
Satama 's net sales would be higher than the year before .
"`` The acquisition of Sampo Bank makes strategic sense for DB 
Slowly adding some $FIO here but gotta be careful. This will be one of biggest winners in 2012
"The outsourcing agreement 
The company expects net sales of 65 mln euro ( $ 85.1 mln ) for 2006 .
"The Helsinki-based company 
"In the end of 2006 
Managing Director Timo Kohtam+ñki of Lemmink+ñinen Infra nevertheless points out the continued need for infrastructure construction in the Baltic markets .
"First Industrial will seek LEED designation for Uponor 's new building and a 282
Severn Trent share price jumps as Canadian investor renews pursuit of utility
The value of orders on hand totaled EUR 237.1 mn .
Brewer AB InBev seeks $275 bln tie-up with SABMiller
"Several large stocks tacked lower 
"The development of the technological park 
"At the close 
"Budapest 
In return the New York-based private equity firm will receive a 51 % stake in the Latvian IT and telecom group .
"Metso expects its net sales to increase by about 10 % in 2008 
The oil shale feeder-supply solution will deliver crushed oil shale to the shale oil refinery already in operation as well as to the novel Enefit-280 shale oil technology processing plant .
The order is related to renewing the network of the telecommunications operator .
Mr Jortikka is president of the base metal division of Outotec Oyj in Finland and is on the executive committee of Outotec .
"According to Finnish Aktia Bank 's Managing Director Jussi Laitinen 
"The pilot project proved that RIFD technology is ideal for our purposes '' 
"The company designs and manufactures high-quality clothing 
"Continuing operations turned an operating loss of EUR 0.1 mn 
"UPDATE 1-Nomura
"In January-September 2007 
Teleste and Sentry 360 have formed an integration partnership between Sentry s advanced 360-degree immersive camera product line and Teleste s enterprise video management systems .
"The offer price is $ 35 million 
"The period 's sales dropped to EUR30 .6 m from EUR38 .3 m 
The customer is local company Etera Mutual Pension Insurance Co and the principal tenant of the unit will be media company Alma Media Corp HEL : ALN1V .
"Benefon 
The revenues of the business reached NOK 12 million for 2008 .
"Loss after financial items totalled EUR 9.7 mn 
Hard to find new buyers of $TSLA at 250.  Shorts continue to pile in.
"The aim of the CEO 's Q&A sessions is to give further clarity on information 
WPP wins race for 'programmatic buying' agency Essence Digital
UPDATE 1-Cypress Semiconductor offers to buy Integrated Silicon Solution
"At the moment 
"RT @StockTwits RT @fallondpicks Breadth Consolidates: After weeks of steady gains
Together they generate Aspo 's goodwill .
"The Group 's consolidated net sales for 2008 totaled 3.4 billion euros and it employs approximately 13
"Rimvesta is now controlled by the Estonian-owned real estate development company ELL Nekilnojamas Turtas 
"In volume 
"In Lithuania 
Spain's CaixaBank Expects To Close Deal For Banco BPI
"The Tecnomen Convergent Charging solution includes functionality for prepaid and post-paid billing 
"The Americas represents 25 % of Gemalto 's billing 
Microsoft joins the open-source Eclipse Foundation https://t.co/z8G5cZaKeU focus on collaboration & open business is a smart strategy! $MSFT
It said Comptel delivers reliable provisioning and activation solutions which improve fulfilment processes for operators .
Nokia Messaging 1.1 enables customers to receive e-mails from up to 10 e-mail accounts on their mobile phone supporting all POP or IMAP e-mail services .
Kemira 's partner in the project is St. Petersburg Water Works .
"Svyturys-Utenos Alus 
"Long Position on $GOL
"EU drops Shell
Finnish Bank of +àland reports its operating profit rose to EUR 21.3 mn in the second quarter of 2009 from EUR 6.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2008 .
$FB $AAPL $NKE $JWN bearish charts keep getting worse.
InterContinental Hotels Group share price climbs on $1.5bn special dividend
The aim is to achieve EUR 2.5 mn yearly savings .
21 December 2010 - Finnish industrial machinery company Wartsila Oyj Abp HEL : WRT1V said yesterday it had won an order to design a liquefied natural gas LNG powered platform supply vessel PSV for Norwegian oil service provider Eidesvik Offshore ASA OSL : EIOF .
"Employees are also better prepared to answer calls 
"The new company 
"According to Soosalu 
"The wireless industry is bracing itself for the iPhone 
"Based on the design of previous handsets 
"Alma Media 's operating profit amounted to EUR 11.9 mn 
AstraZeneca Explores Potential Deal With Acerta for Cancer Drug
Net sales in 2007 are expected to be 10 % up on 2006 .
$CIEN http://stks.co/dZU CIEN seems to have broken out of a major horizontal resistance. Targets $14.35.
The recent troubles simply make NETeller cheaper .
"Sampo Housing Loan Bank 
"Finnish L&T Recoil 
Diluted loss per share stood at EUR 0.15 versus EUR 0.26 .
"Also 
CompaniesCar insurer Hastings Group driving Â£180m IPO
The company said that its comparable operating profit for the January-June period fell short of last year 's corresponding performance .
Operating profit fell to EUR 23.26 mn from EUR 32.86 mn .
"Finnish energy company Fortum Oyj said on November 13 
Growth is expected to continue in 2008 .
$CHRM Loooooongggggg base
The deal includes an option for Cramo to buy out the minority stake in 2011 .
"BPI Says Caixabank
"Country : 
"The acquisition is part of Suomen Helasto 's strategy to expand the LukkoExpert Security chain 
"$INTC & $AAPL strong
All YIT Capital Markets Day materials will be available on the company 's Internet site at www.yitgroup.com/investors at 10:30 on September 26 .
NWC ANALYSIS :
"The other actions include the cutting of the expensive weekend shifts 
"Finnish pharmaceuticals company Orion reports profit before taxes of EUR 70.0 mn in the third quarter of 2010 
"Fortum needs a clear signal of commitment from the Government that the permit is available before the company will start the next round 
A total of 140 jobs will be reduced at the Raahe Steel Works .
"$FB trending nicely
Sponda Plc 's Annual General Meeting decided on 23 March 2005 to establish a Shareholders ' Nomination Committee to prepare proposals for the Annual General Meeting in 2006 on the composition of the Board of Directors and their remuneration .
"Publishing Sweden 's operating loss was EUR 1.1 mn in Q1 of 2009 
$GTE LONG at 7.44
"` We respect their decision ... the discussions are now closed 
The value of the contract is in total USD12m .
Small investors have voiced fears that the shares will end up with risk investors .
The acquisition is expected to take place by the end of August 2007 .
The value of the confirmed aircraft orders totals EUR 2bn .
Incap and Lankapaja aim to enter into actual agreement to transfer the sheet-metal production to the buyer in February in order to complete the transfer on 1 March 2011 .
"`` Last year 
$MOS looking good here at $58.65. Calls are active in this month and weekly
"According to the report 
The value of the order is EUR 2.5 mn .
Rapala VMC Corporation ( Rapala ) is a Finland-based company engaged in the manufacture and distribution of fishing equipment and accessories .
"The second company acquired is Sweden 's Reftele Maskinservice AB 
HSBC appoints business leaders to board
"The payment of 2.779 million litas in interest on a long-term loan provided by Ragutis ' majority shareholder 
"More than 14
"In its financial report 
Finnish meat company Atria can no longer promise a sufficient amount of domestic beef to its customers .
ICE Said to Start Lining Up Financing for LSE Bidding War
The transaction included also the transfer of the lease agreement concerning manufacturing premises and employment agreements related to these operations .
Ixonos will finance the acquisition through a 3.8 mln euro $ 5.2 mln loan .
"UPM is talking to Myllykoski+ó s creditor banks -- Nordea ( STO : NDA ) 
AstraZeneca share price: Acerta deal pays off with orphan drug status
Aspen to Buy Anaesthetics From AstraZeneca for $520 Million
"Sales at the Tiimari business went down by 8 % to EUR 11.8 million 
Commission income fell to EUR 4.6 mn from EUR 5.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"The last quarter was the best quarter of 2009 in net sales 
Passenger-related revenue rose by 5.1 % to EUR 460.8 mn from EUR 438.5 mn in 2009 .
"Last year 
"The company 's operating income ( EBIT ) totalled EUR 0.0 mn 
Combining this deep domain expertise with our Application Service Management ASM and outsourcing service offerings has now proved to be a winning combination .
The Notice in its entirety with other proposals from the Nomination Committee and the Board will be published at least four weeks before 28 April on the company 's website and in Post - och Inrikes Tidningar and Dagens Industri .
Business boomed after Ostrom helped plant a small story about Rapala lures in a Life magazine issue that featured Marilyn Monroe on the cover .
EMSA Deputy Chairman of the Board Juri Lember told BNS on Wednesday that this was the first time he heard about the strike as the Swedish side had not informed the Estonian union yet .
"Pretax loss totaled EUR 1.2 mn 
"Raute 
"Last week 
The Elcoteq group recently announced that the last three months of the previous year brought to it a major loss of more than half a billion kroons ( EUR 32 mln ) for the fifth quarter running .
"However 
$ISRG PT raised to $700 from $640 at Leerink - keeps Outperform rated
The idea of saving electricity in data transfer is still a new one .
"MANAVIGATOR-September 7 
"Nokia Multimedia 's net sales totaled EUR 5.7 bn 
Measures will be launched immediately and are due to be finalized in the first quarter of 2010 .
"Russian Media Ventures ' minority shareholder Peter Hervy denied the plans to sell OVA Press 
"Tesco set to sell Kipa
A PLUMBING business has announced it is sponsoring a professional darts player .
No more waste-burning facilities should be built .
"Mr. Mika Korpinen 
The name of the newspaper publishing and printing division Sanoma will be changed to Sanoma News .
Net sales increased to EUR655m in April to June 2010 from EUR438m a year earlier .
The total capacity of the factory will be approximately 100 engines a year .
Operating profit rose to EUR 4.7 mn from EUR 3.6 mn .
Shire to buy NPS for $5.2 billion to boost rare disease drugs
The ` buy ' recommendation was reiterated .
Finnish electrical components maker Salcomp Oyj ( HEL : SAL1V ) announced today the launch of its latest Twist charger platform .
$aapl high of day just hit. Back at it tomorrow.
Stakes High for AstraZeneca Heart Drug Facing Tough Competition
`` Capital expenditure on energy efficiency has unfortunately fallen along with the decline in the economy .
Both sources said Nokia would unveil its new phone code-named `` Tube '' on Oct. 2 at an analyst and media event in London .
"According to CEO Matti Perkonoja of the parent company HKScan 
"AstraZeneca bags another cancer drug deal
Hearst will be able to consolidate about 20 % of all Russian market for advertising in press after the purchase .
Pretax profit decreased to EUR 33.8 mn from EUR 40.8 mn in the fourth quarter of 2005 .
"Conference Call To participate via a conference call 
"On the other hand 
"Finnish newspaper publisher Sanoma 
"The contract comprises a log handling line 
Saunalahti is a part of the Elisa group .
Vaisala 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 dropped to 3.0 mln euro ( $ 4.3 mln ) from 6.8 mln euro ( $ 9.8 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
Repeats sees 2008 operating profit down y-y ( Reporting by Helsinki Newsroom ) Keywords : TECNOMEN-RESULTS
"Production levels have been agreed with producers a long time ago 
"Under the terms of the off-take agreement with Talvivaara 
"$CSX is up today to report.  Wall Street is expecting EPS to be at $0.37
"L&T is operative in Finland 
$amzn breaking
"Finnish consulting and engineering group Poyry Plc ( OMX Helsinki : POY ) said on Wednesday ( 1 October ) that it has been awarded a contract by Tanqia Dibba FZC as owner-engineer for the wastewater system of Dibba 
Comptel Corporation will publish its financial statements for 2008 on 12 February 2009 .
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Suominen Corporation estimates that the cost-cutting program that started in autumn 2005 
"RT @Cash_Cow $TLT still has a rising RSI & MACD
Ramirent made 18 million kroons EUR 1.15 mln loss last year ; the year before the company was 7.3 million kroons in the black .
Operating profit rose to EUR 9.2 mn from EUR 6.8 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"At the moment 
Curators have divided their material into eight themes .
- Net sales for the period are expected to fall well below that of last year and the result after non-recurring items is expected to be in the red .
"In the first half of 2008 
$TSLA upgraded to Buy @ Argus w/ $333 PT - you'd almost think after ~100pt run in 5 weeks this would be the sell signal
Glencore chief blames rivals' overproduction for share price fall
The new plant is planned to have an electricity generation capacity of up to 350 megawatts ( MW ) and the same heat generation capacity .
The company said shareholders will be able to vote on the agreement at an EGM scheduled for later this month .
"According to Schmardin 
"According to Kesko 
"Ahlstrom 's 5
FDA Approves AstraZeneca's Iressa As Lung Cancer Treatment
`` These developments partly reflect the government 's higher activity in the field of dividend policy . ''
Shuweihat 2 got under way in July 2008 when the project was awarded to desalination and power contractors .
"$TSLA TO RECALL 2
Added. Cost now at 1.54. Bounce off of Put OI & S1 pivot. @moteltan BTO $AAPL Apr 27 2012 605.0 Calls @ 1.66 for ride to 609 ish.
Ramirent made 18 million kroons EUR 1.15 mln loss last year ; the year before the company was 7.3 million kroons in the black .
"In the second quarter of 2010 
He will report to CapMan Plc 's CEO Heikki Westerlund .
"More than 14
Oriola-KD expects its invoicing in 2008 to be higher than the comparable invoicing of 2007 .
"Water Treatment Products In Australia Today 
"Via the agreement 
"Founded in 1923 
Operating profit improved by 44.0 % to ER 4.7 mn from EUR 3.3 mn in 2004 .
"The mall will be financed on a parity basis by Pearl Plaza LLC 
The operating margin came down to 2.4 % from 5.7 % .
"This truly takes efficiency to new heights 
"The company reported a profit of 800
"ACE Limited
"The other two sellers were the Finnish National Fund for R&D ( Sitra ) and Oras Invest Oy 
"The firm 's services include copying 
"When this information was released on 5 September 2008 
"Our objective is to yield a significant part of our turnover in Russia in a couple of years 
$TSLA gyrating @ S1 above gap. keeping an eye on S2 http://stks.co/jQfB
The statutory negotiations at headquarters are part of this decrease .
"In Finland 
"Last month 
"In the fourth quarter of 2006 
"Auburn 's sales in 2007 were CAD 41 million ( approximately EUR 27 million ) 
"Nevertheless 
"After piloting 
"$GLD http://stks.co/jr8 Daily chart - though RSI and Stoch. point at a possible move up
"Poyry is a global consulting and engineering firm focusing on the energy 
"Swedish telco TeliaSonera is teaming up with Friends 
The duration of the contract is 37 months .
A meeting of Glisten shareholders to vote on the bid will be held on 12 March .
"Mercator will use the software for its logistic 
"Insurer Axa ( PAR : CS ) slid by 5.35 % to EUR 14.15 
"Rinkuskiai raised the sales by 18.1 percent 
No changes in media activity were seen in October compared with September .
Orion 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 decreased to 36.5 mln euro ( $ 52.1 mln ) from 40.3 mln euro ( $ 57.5 mln ) a year earlier .
"Sampo Bank 's market share of lending was 13.6 % 
In July it and Quadriga Capital sold their Lewa GmbH pump-making business to Japan 's Nikkiso Co. .
"The largest construction company in Finland 
"In total 
"Sukhraj Dulai 
The enterprise value of Maritim Food AS has been determined as approximately EUR15m .
Facebook $FB received a Buy rating from Wells Fargo 5-star Analyst Peter Stabler (Wells Fargo) https://t.co/jnB4c9vdCu
"In April-June 2008 
"Aldi and Lidl expansion plans speed ahead as Tesco
"The paper industry 's de-inking sludge 
$RSOL bought 3500 shares today!
$XLI Potential intermediate top in an Uptrend on a 60'-15'-4' charts http://stks.co/j1TdF
Mr. Kari Stadigh will carry on as Chairman of the Board and Mr. Matti Arteva as Vice-Chairman .
"The total value of the order 
Operating loss totaled EUR 0.3 mn compared to a profit of EUR 2.2 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
One attractive factor about the tablets for media companies is that they provide a new way of making money .
"Raisio 's bid to buy Glisten is a `` win-win '' deal for both companies 
The parties have agreed to negotiate definitive distribution and license agreements by the end of June 2010 .
Status : Agreed
long $AAPL 107 calls @ .40
"The broad-based WIG index ended Thursday 's session 0.1 pct up at 65
Tesla issues its first Model X recall https://t.co/t1kMqVwhQQ $TSLA
REFILE-UPDATE 4-Britain's Lloyds to pay first dividend since rescue
what is up with $HK..... from Jan to now it's been a sinking ship...
"Finnish property investor Sponda said it has agreed a 100 mln eur 
The deliveries started in April 2006 and will be completed in 2007 .
"The new system 
"For Teleste 
18 March 2010 A leakage in the gypsum pond was detected today at the Talvivaara mine .
FTSE edges up as investors cheer Kingfisher results
Pohjola will act as the manager of the issue and the bond will be listed on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd. .
Starbucks shares down as much as ~4.2% $SBUX https://t.co/JlgrprR54k
Finnish beverage company Olvi is one of the last listed companies in Finland that has not yet published its financial result for the second quarter of 2009 .
"Other measures included increasing synergies and economies of scale within the Grimaldi Group and personnel adjustments 
"Huhtamaki 's rigid plastic consumer goods operations 
Standard Chartered's Shares Plunge 7% After Fitch Downgrade
"With five different game modes 
GlaxoSmithKline starts hunt for successor to CEO Witty
"`` My wife is looking forward to getting a paycheck again 
London Stock Exchange â€“ Deutsche Boerse merger under threat from Brexit
"After the transaction 
The company specialises in temporary electrification and heating at construction sites .
The diluted loss per share narrowed to EUR 0.27 from EUR 0.86 .
"The gross area of the Innova 2 project will be about 10
"`` Of course 
"We offer our clients integrated management consulting 
The results will enable the preparation of a conceptual plant design and capital estimates .
$MA http://stks.co/1CYN continues to consolidate / base here
The company did not distribute a dividend in 2005 .
"The total investment in the company will be EUR58m 
The project is expected to be completed in 2009 .
"In the Czech Republic 
The Group 's order portfolio decreased from EUR 42.9 mn in 9-2007 to EUR 33.3 mn in 2-2008 .
"The study is expected to provide proof of pharmacodynamic activity in humans 
$KITD Looking for a oversold bounce.
"Pre-tax loss totaled EUR 0.3 mn 
"Metrics in QPR ScoreCard now support date 
Key level to watch in $FB for today is 25.53-- watching to see if it can hold as support http://stks.co/bOH4
The pretax profit of the group 's life insurance business increased to EUR 36 million from EUR 27 million .
Actions to improve operational efficiency and adjust operations are expected to deliver annualised permanent cost savings of around EUR 4.5 million and will be effected mostly during the first half of 2010 .
The policy was also aimed at making the companies more profitable and competitive .
The use case dramatically narrows if you go only with the hot s Ltd.
The offer represents a premium of 24 % over the stock 's closing price on Friday .
"Earnings per share EPS are seen at EUR 0.56 
The value of the orders is over EUR 25mn .
"The company said that 80 % of the shares of the holding company will be sold to Meadville Holdings Limited 
The hack had been extra nefarious because the tweets activated without being clicked on - it was enough for Web surfers to move their mouse cursors over them .
"` Our strategic cooperation with Rentakran brings us new customers and already-working relationships with the authorities of the new territories 
The share of the share capital of both above mentioned shareholders remains below 5 % .
"$QCOM chart: Qualcomm Short 61.8% Retracement
Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo was elected as vice chairman of the Board .
Efficiency programs totalling 100 million euros are under way in Finnair .
"In Penttil+ñ 's vision 
"In January-August 2009 
"The transaction covers a building lot of 46
$SKX turning. Coming from far could go far. Stock price implies you pay nothing for the business
"For 2009 
Carnival Corporation and China Merchants Group Sign Memo of Understanding ...
"The stock price rose 70.0 ores or 0.9 % to close at SEK77 .65 
According to the announcement of the Helsinki Stock Exchange the share of Sentera shall be delisted from the NM-list of the Helsinki Stock Exchange accordingly .
"Finnish bank Pohjola Bank Plc HEL : POH1S said today that it will issue a EUR 40 million USD 51.2 m index-linked bond 
Vacon controls a further 5 % of the company via investment fund Power Fund I. EUR 1.0 = USD 1.397
The aim of the bridge solutions chosen is to minimize construction times while ensuring that traffic beneath the bridge on the Saimaa canal continues undisturbed .
The technology park will be built near St. Petersburg-based Pulkovo airport .
"$STX long play
The value of the orders is about EUR 25mn .
Talentum acquired a 47.5 pct stake in Varesvuo Partners in 1997 and the remaining in 2002 and 2005 .
"OUTOTEC OYJ PRESS RELEASE DECEMBER 4 
Commission income rose by 25.7 % to EUR 16.1 mn from EUR 12.8 mn in 2004 .
Nokia - the world 's largest mobile phone manufacturer - and China Postel - China 's largest mobile phone distributor - have a long-standing partnership that continues to grow stronger over time .
"Based on the first quarter result 
"Look out for vintage fabric cushion covers 
"Cargo traffic fell 1 % year-on-year to 8
"CapMan has four investment areas ( CapMan Buyout 
Kershaw takes up the position with immediate effect from her previous role as marketing manager of Sankey Home & Garden Products .
Deliveries by Outotec will take place over 30 months .
Net profit was 35.5 mln compared with 29.8 mln .
The Swedish subsidiary holds 1.0 % net smelter return `` NSR '' royalties over two advanced copper projects in northern Sweden - the Viscaria and Adak Projects - being developed by Avalon Minerals Ltd. ASX : AVI .
RT @tomhend777 $MU needs to hold here -Broken for now. Needs big flush. Still not technically oversold so now big bounce yet
The optimization of the steel components heating process will reduce the energy consumption .
"M-real Corporation Stock Exchange Announcement 29 September 2006 at 4.15 p.m. Kyro Corporation and M-real Corporation 
i-Grid shows $DIA capped for the long term at range of 123.40- 124.77;any rally beyond today's levels or into this range leads to meltdown.
"The Samsung Mobile Applications Store was launched in January 2009 by Samsung Mobile Innovator 
"Press release 9 October 2009 Ruukki has signed a contract to deliver and install the steel structures for a bridge over the Kyronsalmi strait in Savonlinna 
"After non-recurring items of EUR 177mn 
"Profit for the period totalled EUR 1.1 mn 
It also said its third quarter diluted EPS came in at 0.34 eur compared with 0.16 eur in the same quarter a year ago .
"However 
"Nordic banks have already had to write off sizable loans in Latvia 
"Stora Enso 's business in North America has annual capacity of about 3 million tons and employs about 4
"That address also happens to house Italian megamart Eataly 
"`` The Intel Atom processor has had tremendous success in the marketplace since its launch over 2 years ago 
"Operating result 
Sales boost for new Morrisons chief David Potts as Tesco turnaround stalls
"Also Finnish Industry Investment 
"The Committee proposes the following remuneration : a monthly remuneration of EUR 5
"In 2009 
`` Those uncertainties cloud the long-term outlook . ''
hu will offer a further discount of between 25 % and 50 % on selected books .
A quick `` one-stop-shop '' to understand the company .
$UBNT still having some trouble at the resistance line. Should resolve soon.@cheri1 @strattonite   http://stks.co/c0sU4
Johnson Matthey profit falls but dividend rises
"$CNDO 21% short float
Europe needs 17 new large paper machines .
European traffic grew nearly 30 % .
"Established in 1989 
The total value of the deal is USD 29mn .
"26 January 2011 - Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj ( HEL : CTH1V ) said yesterday its net loss narrowed to EUR500 
"Byline : Tim Moran Cellular phone giant Nokia Corp. is offering $ 8.1 billion for digital map supplier NAVTEQ Corp. 
Why not give your bedroom a cool makeover for summer .
Turnover rose to EUR21m from EUR17m .
Britain's FTSE gets lift from Prudential results
"The total investment necessary will be EUR40m 
Finnish retail software developer Aldata Solution Oyj reported a net loss of 11.7 mln euro $ 17.2 mln for 2007 versus a net profit of 2.5 mln euro $ 3.7 mln for 2006 .
"FinancialWire tm is a fully independent 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 1.22 mn 
The proportion of Estonian and Lithuanian passengers on the Tallinn-Helsinki route also grew in July .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 3.8 mn 
The exercise originated in Finland in the early 1930s as a training method for cross-country skiers .
The writing and publication of Lemmink+ñinen -¦ s history is a continuation of earlier collaboration between Antti Tuuri and the company .
"Finland 's national carrier Finnair PLC carried a record 8.5 million passengers in 2005 
Finnish glass technology group Glaston Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : GLA1V ) reported on Thursday ( 14 August ) an operating profit of EUR6 .5 m on net sales of EUR201 .5 m for the period January-September 2008 .
"Raute reported a loss per share of EUR0 .86 for the first half of 2009 
News Corp. 's MySpace.com Web site will display submissions for the expanded Broadband Emmy Awards as part of an effort to identify aspiring video artists .
"Copper 
As a result some 20 persons will no longer be needed .
$BBRY Actually lost .03c per share if U incl VZ as no debt and 3.1 in Cash.
Why $MCD looks set to fall further. http://stks.co/f2fgj
Swiss franc surged to record 1.42 euros after it reported sharpest gain in manufacturing in March .
AstraZeneca's patent on asthma drug invalidated by US court
Finnish Bank of +àland +àlandsbanken has issued a profit warning .
"According to Tyrv+ñinen 's estimation 
"Finnair 's passenger load factor 
"OVA Press has a 60 % stake in the joint venture 
EPS dropped to EUR0 .2 from EUR0 .3 .
It is a disappointment to see the plan folded .
Standard Life share price: Insurer buys advice firm Pearson Jones
Nokia and Elisa will work together to bring a superior mobile gaming experience for Elisa customers .
"For the fiscal year ending September 30 
HELSINKI AFX - Outokumpu said its technology unit has won a 28 mln eur contract from Bosnia-Herzegovina 's Aluminij dd Mostar to upgrade an anode plant .
Bertrand Sciard has been the vice chairman of the board of directors of Aldata Solution since April 2007 .
"Unlisted British Biologicals makes B - and D - proteins 
TELE2 Affarsvarlden gave a `` buy '' recommendation on mobile operator Tele2 AB and a share price target of 142 crowns ( $ 23.54 - 15.19 euro ) .
Amazon to attack UK grocery market with Morrisons deal
"Following the transaction 
Mr Kivimeister said John Deer former Timberjack stands to win in the situation : it controls around 60 % of Estonia 's forest machinery market .
$SPPI..building RS. Sweet. I want this to break a new 52week. The earnings growth justifies way higher
"We are glad that our long co-operation with SODRA continues '' 
"However 
$UUP at major resistance right now. Can go much higher if it can break above. May take several attempts - few days to a week
"EUR928 
The measures result from weak demand in the shipbuilding industry .
We make available the following brand-new market analyses : Cement - UK Cement - Poland Cement - Belgium These analyses give a clear overview of the actual situation and future outlook of the cement industry in some European countries .
"The airline has ordered nine Airbus A350-900 aircraft with deliveries from 2011 
"The connectivity unit has more than 100 e-invoice customers 
The energy shot is packed in a 100-millilitre bag with a screw cap .
"RAPALA TOURNAMENT FISHING : With all the major titles already out for the holidays 
"AHMS will also offer Hotel and Hotel Project Consultancy 
`` People who enjoy mobile games are often the same customers who enjoy experimenting with new mobile services and content .
"Presentation materials will be posted on the company 's website : www.seahawkdrilling.com in the `` Investor Relations '' section 
All reproduction for further distribution is prohibited .
"In Sweden 
"Nokia 's share price fell less than one percent to 18.70 euros ( $ 25.41 ) in Helsinki 
"As a result 
Talvivaara has secured a 10-year off-take agreement for 100 per cent of its main output of nickel and cobalt to Norilsk Nickel and entered into a long-term zinc streaming agreement with Nyrstar NV .
The talks are aimed at restructuring operations and cutting costs .
"Aug. 17 
Legal & General share price: Finance chief to step down
Finnish investment group Norvestia Oyj said its net profit fell to 23.5 mln euro $ 30.6 mln in 2006 from 33.5 mln euro $ 43.6 mln in 2005 .
"`` That 's a very high figure on the European scale 
The new organization consists of two business units : Charging & Messaging and Finance & Administration .
"Cerberus Capital Management LP-backed printing paper maker NewPage Corp. has posted mixed second-quarter results 
"Sheryl Sandberg Sells 109
Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is only available to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons .
Oriola-KD is a spin-off of Finnish pharmaceutical group Orion Oyj 's wholesale division .
Operating profit in the fourth quarter went down to EUR3m from EUR4 .2 m for the corresponding period of 2009 as it included costs of growth projects .
Interest Heats Up for @Yahoo $YHOO - The Wall Street Journal  https://t.co/j5jVjI9bia
$LNT Increases Annual Dividend Target to $1.80/Share from $1.70/Share
"Agricultural newspaper Maaseudun Tulevaisuus had 318
The objective of the planned measures is to achieve significant savings in the next few years .
"UPDATE 1-AstraZeneca buys ZS Pharma for $2.7 billion
The plan is estimated to generate some EUR 5 million ( USD 6.5 m ) in cost savings on an annual basis .
Loss for the period totalled EUR 15.6 mn compared to a profit of EUR 6.3 mn in 2008 .
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) rose to EUR 1.05 from EUR 0.64 .
"According to Gran 
Finnish KCI Konecranes has been awarded an order for four hot metal ladle cranes by Indian steel producer Bhushan Steel & Strips to be delivered in 2007 .
$GS sells flat..I am out..
Whitbread boss Andy Harrison defends sales fall as 'just a blip'
"Operating profit totaled EUR 6.7 mn 
Royal Mail turnaround proving expensive in tough UK market
"Via the Satlan acquisition 
@catskillfishing  Note the monthly chart of $GDX & how it recaptured support. $GLD possible double bottom set up. http://stks.co/aw6z
"UK 's Sarantel to outsource part of its processes to Elcoteq plant in Estonia LONDON 
"Managing Director 's comments : `` Net sales for the first quarter were notably lower than a year before 
Stora Enso 's third-quarter pre-tax profit doubled to EUR 197mn .
"Operating profit excluding non-recurring items decreased to EUR 6.2 mn from EUR 16.8 mn in 2007 
$LINE biggies must be loading up here at lows..
"By the end of 2006 
"The acquired plant has an annual capacity of some 300
Production will expand to other of Elcoteq 's locations including Mexico and Hungary during 2010 .
$PLUG bear raid
This includes a EUR 39.5 mn change in the fair value of investment properties .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 11 
It is expected to be completed by the end of 2007 .
Airvana 's UMTS Home Base Station femto cell uses software-based functionality and off-the-shelf silicon to accelerate feature development and reduce product cost .
The new name of the Sanoma Division will be Sanoma News .
The changes in readership were not significant .
The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Bearish Trader bets $550K that Stock Will Sell Off 9.79% by July Expiry $BA http://stks.co/tCSE
A few employees would remain at the Oulu plant in support functions for other group units .
"The business has sales of about ( Euro ) 35 million ( $ 44million ) 
Glencore Studies Possible IPO for Agricultural Trading Business
He said : `` It is for sale again and we will be actively marketing it .
"Savon koulutuskuntayhtyma 
It offers advanced machinery maintenance and process development services to the pulp and paper industry in Northern China .
"In Finland 's Hobby Hall 's sales decreased by 10 % 
British American Tobacco first-half sales hurt by currency moves
Petrofac share price rises despite Â£30m costs on North Sea project
"Both operating profit and net sales for the 12-month period increased 
"Componenta has production lines for similar-sized products at Karkkila in Finland 
"The equipment Ixonos acquires with this deal includes mechanical engineering hardware ; an RF and antenna measurement laboratory ; facilities for the measurement of audio 
"The major breweries increased their domestic beer sales by 4.5 per cent last year 
The company also said that it will sell approximately 150 hectares of land to the city of Valkeakoski by the end of the year a part of its `` From job to job '' program .
Just stumbled upon this amazing chart - $OFIX - holy guac. SUPER overbought. http://stks.co/e0PX1
Operating profit fell to EUR 6.2 mn from EUR 8.5 mn in the third quarter of 2007 .
"As a result 
The value of the order is USD 2.3 mn .
"As a result 
"In Finland 's Hobby Hall 's sales decreased by 10 % 
The agreement must be approved by the Russian competition authorities before it enters into force .
The airline 's share price closed down slightly at (  x20ac ) 12.51 ( $ 15US .74 ) in Helsinki .
The Finnish company previously said its operating result will be lower than the break-even posted a year earlier .
$TSLA recall model X https://t.co/b7izYa4BuE
About Dopplr Dopplr is a service for smart travellers .
Finnish Okmetic that manufactures and processes silicon wafers for the semiconductor and sensor industries and Norwegian solar wafer company NorSun have signed a contract under which Okmetic will supply NorSun mono silicon crystals for use in solar cell manufacturing .
"`` While concerns remain longer term 
$AAPL Nice RSI 33 bounce at 9:58
$ISR- @IsoRay Up 6% and high on volume http://stks.co/iFpo #biotech
"Operating profit for the 12-month period decreased from EUR157 .5 m 
"The OMX Helsinki index was 0.33 pct lower at 9
GKN to buy Fokker Technologies for 706 mln euros
CompaniesMeggitt profits hit by weak energy and military markets
"The Finnish business delegation includes representatives from over 20 companies that include Nokia Corp 
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of EUR0 .38 .
Earnings per share EPS rose to EUR 0.11 from EUR 0.03 .
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) rose to EUR 3.68 from EUR 0.50 .
"In this case 
This release is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States or elsewhere .
"City24 users can search for homes and properties in all areas where City24 is active 
Both Mr Walden and Mr Ignatius will be responsible also for the newspapers ' business result .
"Because the application can be considered as a hacking application 
"However 
The new SEPA cads will replace Finnish bank cards .
"Risto Raty 
"Re-use back into PET bottles has also steadily increased and the rate of use in strapping tape has picked up again after a dip in 2005 
Finnish automation solutions developer Cencorp Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : CNC1V ) issued on Thursday ( 18 September ) a profit warning for the third quarter of 2008 .
"09:01 AM      $AKS  DJ AK Steel Revenue Rises 36% on Auto Sector Demand
$SBUX heading for the 200DMA and certain doom if it can not hold there.
"To showcase our end-to-end capabilities at the Mobile World Congress 
$TZOO a close above 28.64 and we are ready to rock and roll
Strand Associates is expanding its Madison corporate headquarters with space to add about 100 employees to the engineering firm .
"Tectia Corporation HEL : TEC1V 
$GDX $GDXJ $JNUG - strong move today for the Junior Gold Miners - keep an EYE out for a gap fill -
"industry in Asia +ó Pakistan 
"According to the Latvian business register 
"The port operator 
Consolidated pretax profit decreased by 69.2 % to EUR 41.0 mn from EUR 133.1 mn in 2007 .
Another noticeable thing is that the search for Tata and Airtel brands was mostly related to ` broadband connections ' .
"The negotiations concern personnel of Cencorp Corporation and Singulase Oy as whole in Finland and in Sweden 
"- Inge Larsen (CFO)
The business development initiatives in North America are headed by Lynn Shanahan .
Britain's FTSE forges ahead as Shire surges
The company also equipped the sculptural complex Rabochy i Kolkhoznitsa A Worker and a Collective Farmer in Moscow with snow melting system .
`` Leipurin is a growing and rapidly internationalizing Group .
The project also implies an underground parking lot for 56 vehicles .
"The solution is demonstrated on a tablet developed by Aava Mobile as a multi-window system 
"Of this 
"Through the new production lines at the Novator mill in Veliky Ustjug 
"`` Korean consumers are tech-savvy and leading the pack in terms of design 
$EFUT hod  posted buy pm at $4.40
"There has been some recovery of the base metals prices and increased demand for metals in China 
looks like a big feb 18-22 $put spread on $cree.  Last quarter 0% YoY rev growth trading @ 24x earnings.  I may try a short.
"According to Pietinalho 
"The third quarter result also includes a 400
"Finnish investor Scanfil Oyj ( HEL : SCF1V ) said last Friday it has bought 57 million shares 
OP-Pohjola Group 's capital adequacy ratio under the Act on Credit Institutions stood at 12.1 % and Tier 1 ratio at 12.1 % .
$EDU bouncing nicely after add-on (posted)
Almost the entire office building will be occupied by Metso .
stores 16 March 2010 - Finnish stationery and gift retailer Tiimari HEL : TII1V said yesterday that it will cut a total of 28 jobs in its units Tiimari Retail Ltd and Gallerix Finland Ltd as a result of the closure of shops .
The interchange of Editors-in-Chief is a part of publisher 's goal to enhance job circulation in all personnel groups .
$COST Costco less than stellar day but it held the 50 day moving average
"`` The implementation of these programs has had 
The Finnish daily Kauppalehti surmises that Finnish supplier Rautaruukki has raised its prices above Aker 's comfort zone .
Dutch publisher De Vijver said today it has agreed to buy a 49 % stake in Belgian weekly magazine Humo from Finnish media company Sanoma HEL : SAA1V .
The deal was worth about EUR 1.2 mn .
"`` As defences mature 
"Meanwhile 
"Ahlstrom 's 5
"Professional and consumer applications include personal navigation 
Both companies will keep their commercial independence and continue to market their traditional products individually .
Scanfil expects net sales in 2008 to remain at the 2007 level .
"The inaugural speech will be given by Hannu Kyrolainen 
"It now owns 80
Peer Peugeot fell 0.81 pct as its sales rose only 6.3 pct from the same period last year .
Rolls-Royce Wins $9.2 Billion Order From Emirates Airline
$AAPL Right back in ... - Buy the dips brought to you by CNBC. LOL
Glencore sees Tripoli-based NOC as sole legal seller of Libyan oil
"Rapala VMC Corporation Rapala 
Aspo 's net sales in 2006 totaled EUR 225.9 million .
The full-function PC weighs 1.25 kilograms and measures slightly more than two centimeters thin .
Other details were not provided .
"Finnish airline Finnair has won a deal with the UK public sector to be the official airline for flights from London Heathrow to Osaka in Japan 
"Finnish Ahlstrom Corporation will double its investments in a new specialty glassfiber reinforcement plant in South Carolina 
"Originally posted to the PCMag.com security blog 
"The effect may remain short-lived 
$AMD big dumping... would not touch it for a while
Teleste was set up in 1954 and is divided into Broadband Cable Networks and Video Networks business areas .
Stora Enso owns 43 percent of Bergvik and earns therefore SEK 1.5 bn on the value appreciation .
"The contract covers installation 
Operating cash flow after investments totalled EUR 61.3 mn compared to EUR 75.3 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
Aspo 's Group structure and business operations are continually developed without any predefined schedules .
"As an alternative to the share exchange 
Operating profit rose to EUR 5mn from EUR 2.8 mn in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
"In Finland 
Finnish department store chain Stockmann Oyj Abp net profit rose to 39.8 mln euro ( $ 56.8 mln ) for the first nine months of 2007 from 37.4 mln euro ( $ 53.4 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
"As earlier reported 
`` Residentialconstruction in particular has picked up in several markets .
"`` After the share purchase is completed 
Surprising to see $JWN and $SKS sales numbers still holding up so well. I guess the high end might not be a concern after all.
"We look forward to take part in the future development of the company 
"The company 's set of services include digital printing 
"The estimated turnover of the new company is LVL 2
"Finnish electronics manufacturing services company Elcoteq signing a cooperation agreement with a Japanese mobile phone manufacturer 
The company aims to maintain this trend in profitability during the current year .
The acquisition of AVC Systemhaus and the majority stake in Cableway will increase the number of Teleste personnel by 250 .
Kemira shares closed at (  x20ac ) 16.66 ( $ 22US .71 ) .
Operating profit rose to EUR 26.7 mn from EUR 14.9 mn in the corresponding period in 2006 .
Cash flow from operating activities is estimated to be positive .
$aapl key is to breakout above 460 on solid volume or else it's a no trade for now
"Finnish electronics contract maker Incap Oyj said on January 3 
Stora Chief Executive Jouko Karvinen has described the Russian tariff hikes as a threat to the future of the forest products industry in Finland .
The situation of coated magazine printing paper will continue to be weak .
"Honkarakenne also decided yesterday to sell 88
"Currently Glaston employs approximately 1
"The Filter Tips cover the volume range from 0.1-1200 -Ál including new sizes for 10 
Ocwen Reaches Settlement With California Regulator
$PPG Descending triangle but I am liking it for an upside break http://stks.co/o9nY
"After the restructuring 
"FTSE 100 falls as China devaluation hits Burberry
The Finnish company previously said its operating result will be lower than the break-even posted a year earlier .
Rimi supermarket is the key customer in Magistral center .
"When cruising 
"FDA panel backs safety updates for AstraZeneca
"Founded in 2000 
$AAPL Now I'm glad I got stopped out of my $113 weeklies when I did. Will re-enter next Monday for the #earnings run-up.
"$NFLX small pos
Registration is required .
No financial details were available .
Almost two thirds of Olvi 's net sales come from outside Finland .
"From 2003 on 
Rivals say Qualcomm has fewer patents on 3G phones than on earlier versions and should lower its rates .
Market share decreased on the route between Helsinki in Finland and Tallinn in Estonia by 0.1 percentage points to 24.8 % .
The event can also be viewed as a live webcast at www.cargotec.com .
Sales of clothing developed best .
GlaxoSmithKline share price slips as FDA okays asthma therapy only for adults
No financial or pricing details were disclosed .
"According to Swedish authorities 
Basware finances the acquisition with a bank loan .
"Should you buy Associated British Foods plc
"$AAPL a new long IF 110.61 is broken. Targets are 112.19
"Tekla 's defense business employs over 20 persons and is located in Espoo 
Glaston 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 dropped to 2.4 mln euro ( $ 3.5 mln ) from 3.5 mln euro ( $ 5.1 mln ) for the corresponding period of 2006 .
"Additionally 
Cramo Group 's financial targets for 2010-2013 are sales growth higher than 10 percent per year ; return on equity above 15 percent .
$BAC in for swing trade  looks like want go up
"$SPY Less than 0.2% down and people are calling it bearish. Some heading for exits already. Maybe 1% down will be ""the crash""? Disturbing!"
No blind-spots coming from 1 vantage point allows investigators to see the whole story in high resolution with no unbroken video .
It therefore seems that Finnish shipping company Viking Line will get the subsidy it needs to order its new LNG-fuelled vessel .
"Based on the first quarter result 
The cooperation will double The Switch 's converter capacity .
"Finnish P+Âyry has been awarded an engineering contract by CFR 
Look at that $AMZN > 600
"In the sinter plant 
"ADPnews - Jun 30 
The company does not disclose the sum it applied for .
"The total scholarship amount was 40
"Pretax profit totaled EUR 9.0 mn 
The difference can be explained by the fact that two shipping companies have stopped operating in the Gulf of Finland .
"Commission income decreased to EUR 3.8 mn 
$VOLC THIS STOCK HAS A VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY HIGH PROBABILITY OF RALLYING TOMORROW AND/OR EARLY NEXT WEEK
"The market value of one crane is some USD6m 
"The corresponding increase in the share capital due to these subscriptions with the warrants 
"ADPnews - Feb 5 
"Kalnapilio-Tauro Grupe ( Kalnapilis-Tauras Group ) 
Activision Blizzard Media Networks Announces Record #Esports Viewership https://t.co/729BiqLbtK $ATVI partnered with $HDSI for 9 #tournament
"These products include Personal Communications products such as mobile phones and their parts 
"Finnish dental care group Oral Hammaslaakarit Oyj posted a total net profit of 849
"Stora Enso 
"Nordic banks have already had to write off sizable loans in Latvia 
"Finnish Suominen Flexible Packaging is cutting 48 jobs in its unit in Tampere and two in Nastola 
This is the company 's first contract abroad .
Why put up costly cell phone towers in thinly populated areas when a few balloons would do ?
The company admits that 36 months is a relatively short time when operating in Russia .
Export declined by 6 percent to 16.4 million liters .
Operating profit fell to EUR 15.1 mn from EUR 24.6 mn in 2006 .
"We have also cut our price projections for paper and packaging 
$LEE http://stks.co/24kM LEE ready to exit bankruptcy. Strong volume today.
"Finnish lifting equipment maker Konecranes Oyj said on July 30 
The new activity will incur an investment of about 5 MEUR .
"Tip of the week Panfish like bluegills are great fun to catch 
"Net cash flow from operating activities was a negative EUR 3.1 mn 
Added long at friday close  $SPY $LABU $BLUE $AMZN
The company continued the development of a fully human antibody in its VAP-1 antibody program .
BRIEF-Legal & General's retirement business books 4 billion stg H1 sales
Okmetic 's silicon wafers are part of a further processing chain that produces end products that improve human interaction and quality of life .
"HELSINKI ( AFX ) - Nokian Tyres reported a fourth quarter pretax profit of 61.5 mln eur 
"In addition 
GSK joins China trade push as UK trumpets healthcare deals
These module products will be available for trials during 3Q-07 and for volume deliveries during 4Q-07 .
"Operating loss totalled EUR 0.9 mn 
LONDON AFX - Fortum said it has agreed to sell its industrial maintenance service operations to funds managed by CapMan for an undisclosed sum .
Global Banking News - 28 September 2010 Tieto Corporation and Pohjola Bank ( PINK : POJLF ) are to cooperate on SWIFT services .
The current reference grade instruments are challenging to operate due to their high price and complexity for routine use .
UPDATE 1-Dairy Crest loses a third of Morrisons milk contract
Deutsche Bank Downgraded Starbucks Co. $SBUX https://t.co/QqlEvVwPMV https://t.co/f2PdQjuTHa
EuroChem CFO Andrey Ilyin said : `` This facility marks another important step for EuroChem in securing the long-term financing necessary for our potash and other strategic projects '' .
"Finnish construction group YIT has been awarded a contract to install heating 
No financial details of the deployment were disclosed .
"At some point 
Pretax profit totaled EUR 4.9 mn compared to EUR 5.2 mn in the first quarter of 2005 .
Talvivaara is listed on the London Stock Exchange Main Market and NASDAQ OMX Helsinki and is included in the FTSE 250 Index .
The sales price was not disclosed .
The value of the total investment is about EUR 600mn .
The availability of the Internet services is highlighted in the service offer of Kesko 's K-Group stores .
"The share capital of Biotie Therapies Corp. constitutes 90
Profit for the period fell to EUR 1.6 mn from EUR 7.5 mn in January-September 2008 .
End Of Day Scan: Stochastic Overbought $JDST $FREE $BLRX $LPG $AFSI $DVAX $HDGE $AHT $ALR $ASMB  www.dailystockplays.com
"ALEXANDRIA 
"As part of the reorganization 
"CompaniesNew Aggreko CEO to reshape business
"Germany 's innovational centers are united in focusing at companies 
"Finnish power supply solutions and systems provider Efore Oyj said its net loss widened to 3.2 mln euro $ 4.2 mln for the first quarter of fiscal 2006-2007 ending October 31 
AstraZeneca sells Caprelsa rights to Sanofi unit
what #stocks large players are selling http://stks.co/t0Vel $CROX $GOGO $INO
The carrier said its Area travel agency is to sell most of its outlets to sister chain Suomen Matkatoimisto (SMT)and use its remaining bricks-and-mortar presence to primarily target business customers going forward .
"Profit before taxes decreased by 9 % to EUR 187.8 mn in the first nine months of 2008 
EU regulator backs approval for GSK injectable asthma drug
$AAPL 620 resistance area
"---------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- Munich 
"Technopolis 
Finnish property investment company Citycon plans to issue directed subordinated convertible bonds to institutional investors .
Aspocomp intends to set up a plant to manufacture printed circuit boards with an investment of Rs310 crore .
"If needed 
"Both operating profit and turnover for the six-month period increased 
"Private equity investor CapMan 
"It holds 38 percent of Outokumpu 's shares and voting rights 
"EXCLUSIVE-BP
Yakima created the position for him after emerging from economic downturns of its own .
$AAPL short some 592.49
Lloyds to cut 945 jobs as part of three-year restructuring strategy
$AMRN You can many times find top and bottoms when shorts start rejoicing or bulls start rejoicing. Currently it is the shorts rejoicing
Grounds for the notification : Tiimari Plc 12/30/2010 issued Capital Convertible Loan allocation decision by the Board on 01/31/2011 .
This organization will assume the responsibility for operations in Russia .
"The Swedish Maritime Administration has closed the Furusund Channel 
"SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY CORP STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE OCTOBER 14 
"The buildings 
Barclays PLC & Lloyds Banking Group PLC Are The 2 Banks I'd Buy Today
"In Finland 
"Tesla Motors recalls 2
The company 's board of directors will propose a dividend of EUR 0.14 for 2008 at the annual general meeting .
The last job losses related to these reductions will take place during 2010 .
"Sold out $TZA 45 $PUT (down $1)
"Shares in Royal and Sun Alliance continued to slide back from a 12-month high of 172p last month 
@Vegastrader66 Looks like good entry for $QIHU here.
"Iso Omena is based in the Matinkyla district of the southern part of the city of Espoo 
"Furthermore 
"LCS 's services cover the whole life cycle of software and information systems 
Other shareholder entitlements became effective today .
$YHOO making new HOD
"Recovery has been evident in the liquid handling business 
The company operates power plants in the Tyumen and Chelyabinsk regions and in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous District .
"In the Baltic countries 
Cash flow from operations in January-December 2008 was a negative EUR 18.1 mn compared to EUR 39.0 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"The Finnish national carrier said net loss in April through June was euro26 million 
"The tightened competition situation in the production automation market has affected net sales during 2006 
3-star analyst Joe Wittine from Longbow Research reiterated a HOLD rating on $NTAP.
Our standardised services have met with a positive reception among our customers as well as at Itella .
The Kyroskoski investment is to be completed in late 2011 and the +ä+ñnekoski investment in the spring of 2012 .
The Group 's cash flow from operations will be positive .
7 March 2011 - Finnish IT company Digia Oyj HEL : DIG1V announced today an agreement with mobile-phone major Nokia Oyj HEL : NOK1V to acquire the commercial licensing and service business related to Nokia 's Qt technology .
Operating loss totaled EUR 25mn compared to a profit of EUR 63mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
Renewed AB InBev Bid for SABMiller Ups Stake in Beer Battle
Rautaruukki Corporation Stock exchange release 3 December 2009 at 12 noon Ruukki 's construction and engineering divisions are to further improve and adjust their operations in Finland .
Etteplan targets to employ at least 20 people in Borl+ñnge .
"Thanks to its extensive industry and operations experience 
$FB  rejecting HIGHS shortable...at 109
Why AstraZeneca plc & Dixons Carphone PLC Are Red-Hot Growth Stars!
Finnish automation solutions developer Cencorp Corporation ( OMX Helsinki : CNC1V ) issued on Thursday ( 18 September ) a profit warning for the third quarter of 2008 .
"Secure your files online Like filling out a tax return 
$COST short finally making gains. I will take half my gains at 147
$NEON oversold
The situation of coated magazine printing paper will continue to be weak .
Stockmann MasterCard has widened the scope of this cooperation to Estonia and Latvia .
EUR 152.4 mn of this was net interest income .
"In the third quarter of 2007 
"Finnish pulp and paper machinery maker Vaahto Group Oyj swung to a 1.1 mln euro $ 1.4 mln net profit in the fiscal 2005-06 
Swedbank 's shares have been hardest hit of the Swedish banks by the ongoing international financial crisis .
"Finnish silicon wafers maker Okmetic Oyj said on September 17 
"The contracts between Raute Corporation and Muling Kemian Wood Products Co. 
"The Nokia Music Store begins trading on Tuesday 
BP joins forces with Det Norske in Norway
"Tekla provides 3D software for building and infrastructure engineering 
"In 2009 
Australia clears AB Inbev's $100 billion SABMiller buyout plan
"For the current year 
FTSE 100 flat; Standard Chartered leads risers
"HELSINKI ( AFX ) - Metso said it will upgrade one of UPM-Kymmene 's four paper machines at the latter 's mill in Jaemsaenkoski with a new coating color supply system 
"Brazilian non-profit interbank Camara Interbancaria de Pagamentos CIP has acquired solutions from US business integration solutions provider Sterling Commerce 
The net sales of the whole fiscal year 2008 will be lower than in 2007 and operating profit is estimated to be negative .
These restrictions do not apply to statutory dividends .
Finnish business software group AffectoGenimap Oyj said its net profit halved to 1.2 mln euro ( $ 1.5 mln ) in the first nine months of 2006 from 2.2 mln euro ( $ 2.8 mln ) in the same period of 2005 .
"Exports of goods fell by 59 % 
$DXCM - Making higher highs & higher lows as it consolidates over past several weeks. 26.70 was all time high (2006).
"Equity ratio was 60.9 % compared to 54.2 % In the third quarter of 2007 
"Finnair PLC carried a record 8.8 million passengers in 2006 
The solid fuel is heated before sludge is mixed therein . ''
Changes to the as-built models from the design were communicated to the subcontractors to accommodate them into the steel and GRC glass reinforced concrete fabrication process .
Sales for the Department Store Division increased by 15 % and sales for the clothing store subsidiary Seppala increased by 8 % Meanwhile sales for Hobby Hall decreased by 12 % .
Nokia s U.S. shares were 3.3 percent lower at $ 12.73 by 1750 GMT .
$ENDP being sued by FTC.....nobody will buy them with that hanging over their heads
15 September 2010 - Finnish electrical components maker Salcomp Oyj ( HEL : SAL1V ) announced today the launch of its latest Twist charger platform .
"The EBRD is using its own funds to provide a 21.6 million A loan while the B portion of 10 million Euros has been syndicated to two Finnish commercial banks 
"Shareholder 's full name and ID code : - Petri Ailus 
"$GMCR with the way this has been acting
After the renovation the biggest moulding line in the Orhangazi foundry is the most modern line in Europe .
"The financial impact is estimated to be some 1.5 MEUR annual improvement in the division 's result 
"Cargotec 's share capital after the increase totals 64
Olvi expects sales and market share to increase in the first quarter of 2010 .
The plant will collect raw material from the Baltic Sea region .
"Both operating profit and net sales for the six-month period increased 
Tesco share price closes higher as two more directors leave grocer
The total capital of funds managed by the bank decreased by 28 % to EUR 284mn by the end of September 2008 .
"The chain posted sales of 298 million euros for full 2005 
"During the strike 
"In contrast 
"Net sales by the Sata-Flexo Group came to some EUR4 .3 m in 2007 
"YIT CORPORATION SEPT. 24 
Finnish financial group Aktia 's operating profit for 2009 increased to EUR 47.0 mn from EUR 6.6 mn in 2008 .
"UPM-Kymmene www.upm-kymmene.com produces magazine papers and newsprint 
One of the headboxes will be equipped with a modern consistency control system to ensure cross machine profile of the plasterboard .
"In the first nine months of 2010 
"A total of 15
Sales have risen in other export markets .
Industry NewsWolseley confident in reslilience amid mixed markets
The agreement expands Tekla Structures ' scope of use to bridge design .
"Maglan Capital Up +20.84% In February
There are no substitutes to AC drives .
The power generated annually by Loviisa covers about 10 % of Finland 's electricity consumption .
"If the employee leaves the company within the duration of the cover 
Nordea Bank Estonia is part of the largest financial group in the Nordic countries .
"In 2007 
"The figure includes the change in the fair value of the property portfolio 
"Profit for the period totalled EUR 0.8 mn 
"In 2009 
"Net sales for the financial year 2006 are expected to amount to about EUR20m and the operating result EBIT is expected to be a loss 
"( ADP News ) - Oct 29 
"The company booked April-June new orders worth 949 mln eur 
UK WINNERS & LOSERS: Aviva And Friends Life Lead FTSE 100 Gainers
Shell challenges Exxon dominance with 47 billion-pound bid for BG
Brazilian mobile player Telemig Celular yesterday announced that it has selected Finnish software developer Tecnomen Oyj to expand its prepaid billing system .
"The sale will allow Campofrio to focus on its recently announced takeover of Groupe Smithfield Holdings 
The credit covers approximately 70 % of the ship 's price .
"Profit for the period totaled EUR 39.4 mn 
We hope to increase traffic volumes with the opening of Freight One Scandinavia . ''
$CRK time to accumulate for a long position with far more upside than downside
"` Sanoma is a buyer not a target 
This wood lacquered clock comes with a stripy hand-crocheted cover .
The reduction notice applied to 17 people .
Operating profit improved by 16.7 % to EUR 7.7 mn .
"$INTU is in the process of streamlining its structure
com and possibly also through photo-msn .
"In Q1 of 2010 
"It is being developed by Symbian 
"As a result 
"`` Adjustment to the fall in price level 
"ADP News - Jan 13 
TeliaSonera has secured deliveries for 4G modems with support for 3G and 2G during the second quarter 2010 .
The previous offer was 3.4 % of voting rights and 12.3 % of capital .
EA Launches Origin Online Game Distribution for Mac http://stks.co/aKTU via MacRumors $EA
Acquisitions have been made and businesses have been well integrated .
Expense ratio was 102.6 % compared to 92.9 % in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"Yara Suomi Ltd also provides nitrogen chemicals and technical nitrates to various sectors of industry 
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Proving that good cellphone design is truly a work of art 
Equity indexes working on a positive engulfing for March. $SML $RUT $IWC $SMH $SOX  Small-caps / semis with a fakeout before the b/out.
Finnish metal components supplier Componenta Oyj said its net profit went up to 3.5 mln euro $ 4.5 mln in 2006 from 2.2 mln euro $ 2.8 mln in 2005 .
The SeaWind that was en route from the Finnish port of Turku to Stockholm got stuck in ice already around 4 p.m. on Wednesday and the Regal Star 's journey from the Swedish port of Kapellskar to Paldiski in northwestern Estonia was cut short at 2 a.m. on Thursday .
"AGJ recorded EUR 43 mln sales in 2006 
Alma Media expects its net sales to increase as forecast previously .
Poyry is recognized as one of the world 's leading advisors to the global forestry industry .
"Finnish Cargotec 's Kalmar 
$GOOG breakout very likely medium target $700+ http://stks.co/1Lpz http://chart.ly/lgb94rr
"26 October 2010 - Finnish environmental management company Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj ( HEL : LAT1V ) 
"In the Baltic states the company reports net sales of EUR 11.9 mn 
The company said that the fall in turnover had been planned .
"About 36 % of this came from Aspo Chemicals 
Earnings per share were higher at 0.48 against 0.37 a year before and ahead of market consensus of 0.40 eur .
"Luna took fifth place on six-under 207 
"The decision of the French Court relates to the claims raised by twenty-one former Aspocomp S.A.S employees 
"Samsung currently occupies third place and lost ground during the quarter 
Nokia Siemens Networks has struggled to make a profit in the past two years .
The insurance division turned a EUR120m profit .
Net profit in the period in 2009 was ( EURO ) 29 million .
CapMan made its initial investment in OneMed in June 2006 .
"On the following workday customers can check from their home computers how their purchases are divided between different ingredient groups 
Okmetic has used the furnaces for the contract manufacturing of solar crystals .
"Nevertheless 
"ADP News - Apr 22 
Benefon will turn the Salo unit into a B2B business unit and establish a B2C business unit in the UK .
Results are expected late in 2006 .
"$GILD Sandbagged the guidance so the can use that last 3 billion up.  CC was cautiously optimistic
fi is developing cooperation in keyword advertising with Microsoft .
"The contract value amounts to about EUR11m 
"Kalnapilio-Tauro Grupe ( Kalnapilis-Tauras Group ) 
"A total of 185 Wonderware Certified SIs are available to integrate and support Wonderware products such as InTouch -« HMI software 
Timo Penttila has been appointed new manager responsible for the asset management of Nordea 's institutional customers in Finland .
"The company 's goal is to achieve annual savings of EUR 2 million ( USD 2.7 m ) 
"The company offers payroll services 
"In China 
"FinancialWire ( tm ) 
Return on investment was 16.6 % compared to 15.8 % in 2004 .
"The OMX Helsinki 25 ended 0.47 pct lower at 3
"The decision of Tekes was based on 
STUK today is a full service house expert in radiation and nuclear safety issues .
"In April 2005 
"Finnish Bank of +àland reports operating profit of EUR 2.2 mn in the first quarter of 2010 
Nordea Group 's operating profit increased in 2010 by 18 percent year-on-year to 3.64 billion euros and total revenue by 3 percent to 9.33 billion euros .
Looking for a strong bounce $SPY -- Lunchtime rally coming. $DIA $IWM $QQQ $AA $FB
`` Fixed Mobile Convergence solutions represent a key value proposition in today 's communication market .
"Most of the growth in beer consumption took place in the Far East 
"Qualcomm: 10% Dividend Increase Rewards Patient Investors
He is resting comfortably and is looking forward to getting back to work . ''
"The E7 smartphone will be available for Rs35 
Stockmann was established in 1862 in Finland and it became the first foreign company to enter Russia 's retail trade market in 1989 .
"Operating loss totalled EUR 0.3 mn 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 9.0 mn 
$RNN More bleeding Monday.
"Nordstjernan will make the offer in approximately one month 
"So Mr. Galvan made savings adjustments of his own 
"The parties have agreed not to disclose the price of the deal 
"ALEXANDRIA 
"Liquid handling products include electronic and mechanical pipettes 
Antniemi refuted a report by the Finnish daily Turun Sanomat as if the company was reorganizing its operations in the Baltic countries .
"PNC
"Following the payment made in April 
"These companies own a 20
Profit for the period increased from EUR 2.9 mn to EUR 10.5 mn .
"$QIHU totally missed this one
"The utility will also provide services related to electricity management 
"$KO had missed earnings expectations for the last two quarters
Latvia 's Stockmann shopping mall is a subsidiary of Finland 's Stockmann Plc. .
"Finnish investment group Neomarkka Oyj ( HEL : NEMBV ) said today that it will buy the former production facilities of Kuitu Finland Ltd 
"In January-September 2007 
"Simultaneously with this merger plan another merger plan has been signed 
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil reports net sales of EUR 58.9 mn in the second quarter of 2007 
"`` Beyond the improved voice capabilities 
CORRECTED-Shire to buy Dyax for about $5.9 bln
"It also includes the installation of new equipment 
Nokia is also negotiating the product portfolio of the new company .
Glencore slumps 30 percent as debt fears grow
The value of the order is EUR 4mn .
The company said that it has agreed to a EUR160m unsecured credit line from lenders .
"The agreement 
$BBRY Sierra. Has a great cash balance and impressive growth rate.Would be a wonderful marriage!
"Profit after taxes for the period was up to EUR0 .9 m 
"Oka specialises in new construction 
"Neste Oil s refineries have a combined crude oil refining capacity of approximately 260
The net sales decreased to EUR 49.8 million from EUR 59.9 million .
"In 2007 
Pretax profit rose to EUR 0.6 mn from EUR 0.4 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
"Net sales of Finnish Sanoma Learning & Literature 
The size of a cider bottle will remain unchanged .
Finlan 's listed food industry company HKScan Group controlled companies in the Baltics improved revenues by EUR 3.5 mn to EUR 160.4 mn in 2010 from EUR 156.9 mn in the year before .
Revenue in the quarter fell 8 percent to ( EURO ) 2.4 billion compared to a year earlier .
EBIT excluding non-recurring items was estimated to increase from 2009 .
What we think ?
Keith Skeoch to step up as David Nish quits as chief executive of Standard Life
"The upgrade is intended to raise the network capacity from 450 MHz to 630 MHz in several cities 
No financial details were provided .
Tesco share price tumbles after negative broker note
"According to Finnish L+ñnnen Tehtaat 's CEO Matti Karppinen 
"Finnish IT consultancy Satama Interactive Oyj said on November 13 
"According to the company 
"Cargo traffic fell 1 % year-on-year to 8
Rihko started to manage Raisio 's Benecol business in summer 2006 after heading tobacco company Altadis ' European operations .
The Financial Statements and Interim Reports will be released around at 9.00 a.m. ( Finnish time ) on the given dates .
"The company was supposed to deliver machinery to a veneer mill in the Tomsk region 
"In the building and home improvement trade 
"The talks involved the Food and Ingredients Divisions 
Lloyds Banking Group's share price lifts amid reports bank is poised to axe hundreds of UK jobs
"Outokumpu of Finland 
Shire share price under pressure after $32bn Baxalta deal
"However 
"It would be premature to talk about dates 
"The Russian government will contribute 20 % of the necessary funds 
We are now in a position to pursue novel clinical candidates going forward . ''
Cymed 's net sales are expected to amount to EUR 3.5 mn in 2006 .
"Operating profit decreased to nearly EUR 1.7 mn 
"Following the acquisitions 
"Finland 's Neste Oil has been awarded the Chemical Industry Federation of Finland 's Innovation Award for its NExBTL technology 
The Finnish paints company acquired the remaining 49 pct that it did not own from Ukraine 's LGU for an undisclosed sum .
Atria will also buy the shares of Kauhajoen Teurastamokiinteistot Oy (Kauhajoki slaughterhouse property)from Itikka Co-operative .
Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed .
"Combined with the Basware Enterprise Purchase to Pay portfolio 
"The company generates net sales of about 600 mln euro $ 775.5 mln annually and employs 6
RSA Insurance Hires Towergate's Egan as Chief Financial Officer
"Via the move 
"However 
$NFLX +3% of the lows
NYSE owner ICE may gatecrash Deutsche Boerse-LSE merger
"Ahlstrom 
$DMND green and moving
"In Q2 of 2009 
The value of this kind of order amounts usually between Euro 2 and 3 million .
"The cosmetics collection includes an eye shadow 
The increase range will vary up to 10 % .
LSE-Deutsche Boerse merger would signal end to exchange mega-deals
Operating profit for continuing operations fell to EUR 48.3 mn from EUR 72.4 mn in the first half of 2007 .
The company then said it will focus its resources on clinical research .
Glaston 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 dropped to 2.4 mln euro ( $ 3.5 mln ) from 3.5 mln euro ( $ 5.1 mln ) for the corresponding period of 2006 .
"The Tekla Structures 16 installation has been built according to Microsoft 's requirements for the Windows 7 certification 
AstraZeneca Acquires ZS Pharma in $2.7 Billion Deal
LONDON MarketWatch -- Share prices ended lower in London Monday as a rebound in bank stocks failed to offset broader weakness for the FTSE 100 .
Kone shares dropped 4.1 percent to  x20ac 43 US$ 55.77 in Helsinki .
"In 2007 
"The Daily Graphic newspaper 
"Glaston 's own glass processing unit 
"Of these shares 14
"U.K. Stocks Little Changed Near Record as Barclays
$AMRN Got sell signal 7/1/14 still in force with target below 1.50
"Mr. Mikko Saavalainen 
"ALEXANDRIA 
Finnish food industry companies HK Ruokatalo and Atria will form a joint venture company called L+ñnsi-Kalkkuna to produce turkey meat .
"Its annual capacity is some 10
"S&P has kept its `` sell '' rating 
Operating profit excluding restructuring costs grew to EUR 44.5 million from EUR 31.7 million while operating profit including restructuring costs showed even larger growth to EUR 38.5 million from EUR 7.4 million .
"Revenue from July to September grew 21 percent to EURO 2.3 billion 
Operating profit rose to EUR 13.1 mn from EUR 8.7 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 representing 7.7 % of net sales .
$KCG bot at 2.24
"In Finland 
"In a separate announcement to the Helsinki stock exchange 
The Finnish group anticipates a sales gain of EUR42m after tax and expenses .
"Operating loss of the Pulp & Paper Machinery unit was over EUR 3mn in September 2007 - August 2008 
"In the Baltic countries 
CompaniesKingfisher bid for Mr Bricolage runs into trouble
"The fair value change of investment properties was EUR 15.8 mn 
The company plans to expand into the international market through its subsidiaries and distributors from 2011 onwards .
The investment would be some EUR5m .
"According to Finnish insurance companies Tapiola 
$GLD http://stks.co/44ow On closer inspection.  Resistance 10 points north at 200d and downward trendline. Chart 2 of 2.
In Sweden the agreement covers data communication services as well .
$KEP breaking out when the market pulls back  http://stks.co/r0cet
"The latest date for registration is on 4 April 
Mr Skogster currently serves as the manager responsible for ABB Oy 's system modules for low voltage drives .
"Pretax profit totaled EUR 9.0 mn 
The rationalization of the operations seeks to achieve over EUR 1 million in yearly savings as from the second quarter of the current financial year .
Metso 's delivery will include a complete coated board line with related air systems and two winders .
The reductions will be concluded by autumn 2010 .
The company also said that its board of directors has proposed a profit distribution of EUR0 .92 per share .
$MPWR CEO sells 450k april 15th..meh
"Please inform IR Johanna Koskinen of your participation no later than 20 April at 10 a.m. A telephone conference for financial analysts and investors 
The bank forecasts Finland 's GDP will grow by 2 % in 2010 and in 2011 .
"$HLF shorts made a killing last couple days
"ADPnews - Aug 3 
Chief Financial Officer Jim Heindlmeyer said Beyond Oblivion is in advanced talks with the four major recording companies about its service .
"In addition 
E 's building system service had revenue of EUR 355 mln in 2007 .
Most of the increase in net sales was due to the acquisition of Swedish Silva that produces garden tools and boats .
"Budapest 
"The product range includes marinated olives 
Aldata noted that its Voice Supply Chain Technology approach enables VDW to integrate with warehouse management systems .
NASDAQ-listed Yahoo Inc has introduced a new service that enables Malaysians to take their favorite Internet content and services with them on their mobile phones .
"Of these shares 29
"SRV will also build an aqua park with wellness area 
"$P bull flag on the daily
Sainsbury sales slip again as price pressures take a toll
"Since the association 's data do not cover sales figures from about 100 small local breweries and sales of imported beer products 
The deal is in line with Etteplan 's strategy to operate as a partner of global customers and provide industrial technology design services .
"According to HKScan Finland 
Watch these bancos.they're holding up relatively well compared to the broad market $XLF $BAC $GS $C <--large C buying in $BAC in backburner
"The divested company is part of TietoEnator 's business area Government 
Rosen was cautious about being too optimistic inregard to the second half of the year .
"The seminar introduced modern 
"In the reporting period 
"Apartments of YIT Home may be purchased in 5 regions of Russia 
$BONE Earnings Stocks Poised to Pop http://stks.co/2zWE
Finnish KCI Konecranes has raised its net sales growth estimate for 2006 from over 25 % to over 35 % .
Spain's Caixabank launches new takeover bid for Banco BPI
STOCK EXCHANGE ANNOUNCEMENT 20 July 2006 1 ( 1 ) BASWARE SHARE SUBSCRIPTIONS WITH WARRANTS AND INCREASE IN SHARE CAPITAL A total of 119 850 shares have been subscribed with BasWare Warrant Program .
"Finnish Scanfil 
Entertainment One dispels ITV takeover rumours
The dividends payable annually shall be deducted from the share subscription price .
New product launches in Finland will more than double from 2005 .
This assignment strengthens Poyry 's position as an international provider of engineering and project services to the chemical process industry .
"Our customers come from the following countries : UK 
"Alpina Sports is a Lebanon 
Cargotec Germany GmbH has been awarded a contract by Stadtverwaltung Mainz for chassis bodies under Open procedure .
Reported operating margin was a negative 5.9 % .
The purchase price was not disclosed .
Okmetic expects its net sales for the first half of 2009 to be less than in 2008 .
Finnish pharmaceuticals company Orion 's net sales rose to EUR 190mn in the first quarter of 2009 from EUR 180mn in the first quarter of 2008 .
The company is well positioned in Brazil and Uruguay .
"Upside moves in the volatile #mining sector
Sales were down 14 per cent in Finland and up 27 per cent abroad where sales were lifted by the strong growth in sales in Russia and Lithuania .
$FB down 7.5% from this #bearish pattern.  Considering the #bullish sentiment - That's an impressive bearish move https://t.co/TaJF0cH2qh
That would be an increase from estimated sales of 117 million last year .
"According to Sepp+ñnen 
To be number one means creating added value for stakeholders in everything we do .
Number of offers received for this contract is two .
Donations to universities The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to donate max .
"It expects revenue between $ 8.4 billion and $ 8.7 billion 
LSE gets Hong Kong regulatory nod to HK firms to become LSE members
The Diameter Protocol is developed according to the standards IETF RFC 3588 and IETF RFC 3539 .
Underground parking facilities will also be built on the basement floor .
$DISH weakness continues again. 49.43 area resistance after last week
#FusionIQ NEW Positive Timing Signal on $SBUX Today https://t.co/9ImlXz4YNa Please Retweet #Signals
The representative body of Swedish Meats approved an improved offer from Finnish HK Ruokatalo to acquire the company .
M-real 's sales are expected to have increased by 4 % year-on-year to EUR609m in the second quarter of 2010 .
"Weber convinced his friend Ray Ostrom 
"$AAPL is now beaten down
The most significant challengers in the market are Logset and Sampo-Rosenlew .
The District Court of Helsinki dismissed all charges as the court of first instance in 2005 .
Teleste BK Optiflex amplifier products will be used in ongoing capacity upgrade of KDG 's network to bi-directionality .
"The business units of the InvestLesProm Group cover the full forest industry chain 
"Previously 
Insurers: Admiral blows hot and cold but Aviva soars pre-Friends Life merger
Retail giant Kingfisher reports 'solid' start to the year
"Maximum amount of terminations in Finland is 40 employees 
$TSLA yeah lets go down to 230s lol
"The company 's scheduled traffic 
Validating our fgVoIP client through Symbian Signed represents a significant step forward in accomplishing this goal .
$EBAY  e-bay bay!  working on a couple daily dojis .. should continue to the downside  https://t.co/lgU0yBxEZe
Royal Mail gets mixed bag from Ofcom postal regulation report
"Ragutis 
The trade is in accordance with the agreement announced on 26 March 2008 .
"Initial estimated total value of the contract was 250 000 Euros 
Shell and BG Shareholders to Vote on Deal at End of January
"After completion of the acquisition 
: Lietuvos Respublikos sveikatos apsaugos ministerija has awarded contract to UAB `` AFFECTO LIETUVA '' for financial systems software package .
The order was worth EUR 8mn .
$IBM staying strong
$CRUS Upgraded to a buy by Alpha Street Research
#Apple up almost 20% from its February lows with very little fanfare. $AAPL
"Rio Tinto swings to loss
Cision says the sale will return its U.K. operation to profitability .
"Isolationism? Another Sell Rating
"Due to the rapid decrease in net sales 
"In sales volume 
L&T 's net profit for the whole 2010 dropped to EUR 36 million from EUR 45 million for 2009 .
"The order consists of outsourced application management 
Group net sales in the third quarter of 2007 totaled EUR 142.3 mn and operating profit EUR 4.3 mn .
"Vaisala 
$SPY Looks like bear traps getting laid faster than Cadbury Creme Eggs by the Easter Bunny
Finnlines estimated in its annual general meeting that 2008 will be financially a tough year due to large investments .
"Furthermore 
Sales of mid-strength beer decreased by 40 % .
ABN : 59 087 901 620 now represent 5.10 % of the voting rights and share capital of Citycon Oyj .
The company has 120 employees and annual sales of approximately EUR16m .
"According to M-real 's CEO 
$BABA may take a few days wks months watch what happened to $FB $TWTR after they IPO. mrkt needs to washout. to hunt well need 2 wait stalk.
"In 2008 
"New Delhi 
International operations accounted for over 80 % of net sales .
"These financing arrangements will enable the company to ensure 
$GILD chart: With $IBB back over support. https://t.co/GpRZ2UJFC4
As a result of the negotiations the employment of 130 blue - and white-collar employees at the Oulu plant would be terminated .
Operating loss amounted to EUR 0.7 mn compared to a profit of EUR 0.8 mn in the second quarter of 2005 .
The order also includes extensive maintenance work of a shoe press delivered by Vaahto in 2001 .
"Thanks to the internet 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 5.8 mn 
The real estate company posted a net loss of +ó  x201a -¼ 59.3 million +ó  x201a -¼ 0.21 per share compared with a net profit of +ó  x201a -¼ 31 million +ó  x201a -¼ 0.11 per share for the corresponding quarter of 2007 .
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of EUR0 .38 .
"The biggest sellers in the chain 's supermarkets in Finland are organic Pirkka tomatoes 
$AAPL long 630.91
The divestment of Raisio 's margarine business in May 2009 gave the company a clearer focus on grain-based products .
The total value of the project is valued at SEK 30bn ( EUR 2.83 bn USD 3.81 bn ) .
"@CGrantWSJ I think this $TSLA bubble might go on for some time. So long as ppl love the cars
"When the product is manufactured in Finland 
$LUV Continues to consolidate above previous break out area...
`` I 'm not sure what 's happening .
"ADP News - Nov 18 
Nokia has inaugurated its manufacturing plant near Chennai on 11 Mar 2006 .
Scanfil issued a profit warning on 10 April 2006 .
"The contract includes design 
"The fixed-term contract of Mr. Jarmo Ukonaho 
VNH generates annual net sales of about 5 mln eur and employs 21 people .
"Finland 's leading metals group Outokumpu said its fourth-quarter net profit more than tripled on the back of strong global demand for stainless steel 
$AMZN Trailing 12 months operating cash flow rose 48% to $4.98 billion & free cash flow decreased 63% to $388 million http://stks.co/c06zG
It posted a turnover of 4.5 mln euro $ 6.1 mln and an operating profit of 1.5 mln euro $ 2.0 mln for 2006 .
The dismissed staff members will now take the matter to court unless it can be settled outside .
LinkedIn Revenue Up Nearly 50% http://stks.co/g1F4T  $LNKD
Lemmink+ñinen started the manufacture of roofing felt in 1920 and the production of asphalt in the 1930s .
ZAO YIT Moskovia builds housing in Moscow and its surrounding cities .
"The value of the deal exceeds EUR500 
"The period 's sales dropped to EUR 30.6 million from EUR 38.3 million 
"Scanfil 
"The repo rate will gradually reach 2 % at the end of 2010 
Symphony Services provides development services for Aldata GOLD .
"`` We have a license agreement with Nokia Corp. which in part expires on April 9 
The divested stake represented about 2.7 m shares in Okmetic 's capital .
"$AAPL bounce right now has no vol
"Los Angeles-based Pacific Office Properties Trust acquires 
"In Finland 
"Adanac Molybdenum of Canada has ordered grinding technology for its molybdenum project in British Columbia 
"As part of the transaction 
Delivery is due in the second half of 2011 .
The agreement is valid for four years .
"Finnish shipping company Finnlines 
"It also has strong assets in electronic media 
"Many of the commercial vessels had got stuck in the narrow Bay of Bothnia 
"The venture 
There did not seem to be enough hours in a day for Pekkarinen .
"Aug. 31 
"Cardona slowed her vehicle 
"The manufacture of CPPs will be undertaken at the existing Export Oriented Unit EOU at Wartsila 's factory at Khopoli 
I see a 20 percent upside in $FB shares from here
"In January-June 2010 
Chime Communications Set To Be Acquired By WPP And Providence
Dixons Carphone profit boost on strong sales
No other ev3 devices were involved in this action .
`` Capital expenditure on energy efficiency has unfortunately fallen along with the decline in the economy .
"Founded in 1994 
"Under the agreement GeoSentric will provide GyPSii-powered hotel information and reservation services to visitors to China 
Valga Lihatoostus markets its products under the Maks & Moorits trademark .
Finnish consumer packaging manufacturer Huhtamaki Oyj said it swung to a net profit of 84.1 mln euro $ 105.6 mln in the first nine months of 2006 from a net loss of 2.6 mln euro $ 3.3 mln in the same period of 2005 .
"Homebuilders - $RYL breaking below support
"Besides we have increased the share of meat in various sausages and are offering a number of new tastes in the grill products and shish kebabs segment 
like $T for a breakout long as well. getting through the 100 and 200 MA could see it run.
"HELSINKI 
"$AXDX I got bored
"Also in Latvia 
"The total donation amount is EUR 1
"The facility will be used to refinance Citycon 's existing credit facility 
"Finnish real estate company Sponda Oyj said on April 11 
"In the building and home improvement trade 
And that 's exactly what happened on a recent weekday when an East Haven baker was brought in to remind residents about the Easter tradition of making wheat and rice pies .
The company moved to an operating profit of EUR10 .9 m versus an operating loss of EUR15 .3 m. It also turned to EPS of EUR0 .08 versus loss per share of EUR0 .04 .
The costs of the new ropax vessels are 30 % lower than those of the present ones .
The deal also includes a ten-year maintenance agreement .
"Talvivaara Mining Company PLC ( Talvivaara Mining ) ( LSE : TALV ) 
The transactions would increase earnings per share in the first quarter by some EUR0 .28 .
Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research .
$IWM buy programs popping $iwm for close print cheap money means higher stock prices $spy robot buying
"Cencorp would focus on the development 
"Crucially 
"In addition 
"The size of the extension 
The new location is n't the only change Wellmont has in store for its air transport service .
Other potential clients include public administration organizations investing in utility networks and services .
"The steelmaker said that the drop in profit was explained by the continuing economic uncertainty 
The EA Reng group posted sales of approximately 84 million kroons for 2007 .
Barclays share price subdued as bank faces fresh forex probe
The markets expect Heineken to sell Hartwall as a whole or in parts .
"In addition to the Tulikivi Corporation 
"The total investment in the Vantaa plant extension will amount to around 10 million euro 
"Last year 
"Currently 
"The report profiles 614 companies including many key and niche players worldwide such as Black & Decker Corporation 
Walter Investment Management Corp Receives a Sell from Compass Point $WAC http://stks.co/c1IvX
"The move will be carried out by transferring HKScan 's production-related property 
`` It wo n't happen overnight .
Chief executive officer Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo 's changes on Tuesday mark the third time in nine months the company has reshuffled executives and operations as Nokia loses ground to Apple 's iPhone and RIM 's BlackBerry .
Deutsche Bank cuts $SBUX
Irish housebuilder Cairn Homes plans London listing
"The rewards to be paid on the basis of the earning period 2011 will correspond to the value of a maximum total of 364
"Cramo 's manager Jarmo Laasanen said hiring of equipment and machinery in Lithuania differs from the other Baltic countries in that in Lithuania still many public structures such as roads 
Operating profit for the quarter April-June 2006 amounted to EUR42 .9 m on net sales of EUR156 .3 m.
"$SLV POS
"Paper company M-real calculated that if 100
The company expects to open its first online shop in the US in the summer in 2011 .
The Moscow Metro ( www.mosmetro.ru ) was the first metro system in Europe to implement smart cards together with a new type of magnetic card in 1998 .
"`` Small firms are suffering at the moment because they are likely to have money trouble 
Net sales revenue per passenger is expected to increase .
Return on capital employed ROCE was a negative 2.3 % compared to 11.3 % in 2007 .
"Indigo and Somoncom serve 377
`` I warmly welcome Michael Frei to Outotec .
ITV share price: Group mulls takeover of Canada's Entertainment One
"Operating profit for the six-month period decreased from EUR111 .9 m 
"The most significant capital expenditure items were in the global enterprise resource planning ERP project 
Kone said in court papers that the union action delayed repairs to elevators at the federal courthouse on Jan. 21 and the Saltonstall state office building on Jan. 23 .
3rd red day in a row ? $TSLA
"Operating profit totalled EUR 0.4 mn 
"According to Finnish financial services group Sampo 's CEO 
"F-Secure 
"In December alone 
"Coca-Cola was the market leader of manufacturers with a market share of 36.9 % 
"Barclays Plc ( LSE : BARC ) ( NYSE : BCS ) 
Finnish Componenta has published its new long-term strategy for the period 2011-2015 with the aim of growing together with its customers .
The veneer and plywood industry in Sweden is quite small despite the raw material resources .
"Finnish metal products company Componenta Oyj ( HEL : CTH1V ) said today its net loss narrowed to EUR 500
"Viking will pay EUR 130 million for the new ship 
Rautaruukki aims to find work from the group 's other locations for those who have been made redundant .
"According to the company 
"According to Arokarhu 
Their names have not yet been released .
"Also 
Kesko has previously published a stock exchange release concerning the deal on 7 February 2007 .
UPDATE 3-Ex-Barclays director accused by US of illegal tips to plumber
L&G completes UK's largest medically underwritten bulk pension risk deal
"Lassila & Tikanoja 's operating profit excluding non-recurring and imputed items for the second quarter was EUR11 .3 m 
"Honkarakenne mainly exports large luxury log houses to Russia to be used as one-family houses or holiday homes ; 70 % of sales go to the Moscow region 
The value of the deal was not disclosed .
"HKScan 
$TSLA I see more downside in next two weeks be careful -20 dollars drop potential vs +10 up moved
"`` They would invest not only in the physical infrastructure 
"Favourable currency rates also contributed to higher net sales 
Neste Oil Corporation Refining Operation Asset Summary Report Summary Neste Oil Corporation Refining Operation Assets Summary Report is an essential source for company data and information .
Union and company officials did not return calls yesterday .
"( ADP News ) - Finnish handling systems provider Cargotec Oyj ( HEL : CGCBV ) announced on Friday it won orders worth EUR 10 million ( USD 13.2 m ) to deliver linkspans to Jordan 
"German Commerzbank AG 's Hamburg Branch and US JP Morgan ( NYSE : JPM ) participated as arrangers 
Global life science industry is strictly regulated by international and national authorities .
"Tieto offers Aktia a good foundation and the required support services for implementing the update project 
The company will build altogether 130 new substations by the end of this year .
"Tiimari 
His resignation will take effect immediately .
Her work at NetApp included strategically repositioning the brand in the category and a major global relaunch .
No financial detail were available .
"Following the divestment 
CF2 Pty Ltd became a substantial holder in Renison Consolidated Mines NL on January 25 with 150 million shares ( 7.9 pc ) .
"At 1411 CET 
And Ogden reportedly will shell out $ 4.2 million .
$GALE Breakout Coming Soon!
"A In August 2007 
"Foundries division reports its sales increased by 9.7 % to EUR 63.1 mn from EUR 57.5 mn in the corresponding period in 2006 
S&P downgrades Barclays and RBS on government bailout fears
"Finnish high technology provider Vaahto Group reports net sales of EUR 41.8 mn in the accounting period September 2007 - February 2008 
$BBRY both 1m/6m trends turn bullish today with a resistance level at $11.31. http://stks.co/j1qt6
"Isolationism? Another Sell Rating
The expanded company will continue to be called NewPage .
The company said that sales in the three months to the end of March slid to EUR86 .4 m US$ 113.4 m from EUR91 .2 m last year .
Finnish energy company Fortum has set itself new stricter target limits for short-term carbon dioxide emissions from its heat and electricity production .
"The refining margin for the year was $ 13.39 - bbl 
$PRGN A bottom right here?
Operating profit rose to EUR 13.5 mn from EUR 9.7 mn in the corresponding period in 2006 .
$TSLA weakest in todays DT watchlist
"Tesla: Voluntary recall of 2
The manufacturing will begin in Pietarsaari in the beginning of the year 2009 and the delivery will take place in October 2009 .
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil reports net sales of EUR 241.2 mn in 2006 
The customers will have an access to integrated propeller and gear packages from one source .
"The add-on order contains 
"YIT lodged counter claims against Neste Oil totaling some EUR25m 
The reductions will be implemented mainly in the course of the first half of 2009 .
$UVXY Put the chum out there at key support then next level down - careful
Inha Works has invested in its product development and market research .
"Tesco
The first quarter was as expected and was in line with analysts ' forecasts .
"OMEO ( www.omeo.se ) employs 55 and expects net sales of some 23 mln euro ( $ 29.8 mln ) for fiscal 2006-2007 
"At a press conference 
The shares represented 4.998 % of total share capital and 2.14 % of total voting rights .
Mobile data transfer is expected to increase explosively in the LTE era .
Finnish cutlery and hand tools maker Fiskars Oyj Abp ( HEL : FISAS ) said today its net profit rose to EUR 24.1 million ( USD 33.6 m ) in the third quarter of 2010 from EUR 17.9 million a year earlier .
$REN bottoming out again.. Good time to buy
"In addition 
55 workers in +àm+Ñl will be affected by the close-down .
Construction is scheduled to start in April-June 2007 and to be completed in early 2008 .
Finnish waste management and cleaning group Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj ( L&T ) net profit went down to 32.2 mln euro ( $ 47.7 mln ) for 2007 from 35.3 mln euro ( $ 52.3 mln ) for 2006 .
Operating loss increased to EUR 17mn from a loss of EUR 10.8 mn in 2005 .
"Jarmo Honkamaa 
This is the second successful effort for the financial investor this year .
"$RNN day traders flushed out
"` After fixing our home-base 
"`` The transaction strengthens our position ... in design and branded goods 
Financial terms were n't disclosed .
Finnish media group Talentum has issued a profit warning .
Rubin says he expects Capman to announce 1-2 additional transactions in 2009 .
UPDATE 1-AstraZeneca sells rare cancer drug to Sanofi for up to $300 mln
The total investment of the project will be approximately EUR 36m .
`` Demand for sports equipment was good in 2005 .
"According to Vauramo 
How Kraft-Heinz Merger Came Together in Speedy 10 Weeks
"Igor and Oleg Yankov 
"KAUKO-TELKO LTD PRESS RELEASE 19.06.2007 AT 14.00 1 ( 1 ) Telko Group ( Kauko-Telko ) is expanding its strategic partnership with BP Industrial Lubricants & Services ( BP ILS ) by acquiring total ownership of BP 's Swedish retail company 
"narrows to EUR2 .8 m 9-mo '09 29 October 2009 - Finnish software and hardware developer Elektrobit Oyj HEL : EBG1V 
"Vaisala also said it expects net sales of EUR 253.2 million for 2010 
"The order also covers design services 
"The company will pay a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share 
"Compared with the FTSE 100 index 
"`` We have tailored our solutions to meet Solel 's technical requirements 
Operating income rose to EUR 696.4 mn from EUR 600.3 mn in 2009 .
"Net sales in 2010 were about EUR 2.0 billion 
"In sales volume 
The desk will reach its full planned strength of ten persons in autumn 2007 .
"One price category is for calls on the preferred operator 's network 
Veracel is preparing an appeal in the issue and has asked the court for clarification of the judgement .
The first charging stations will be made available already in 2008 and a whole network is to be ready in 2010 .
It includes options for additional 30 communal building sites as well as construction supervision works for all construction sites .
"Operating profit fell to EUR 35.4 mn from EUR 68.8 mn in 2007 
"The largest restructuring is planned for Italy 
"At first 
$FB SHIFTING ON THE 15 MINUTE HERE - SUSPECT TO TAKE HIGHS
$WMT BULLISH with MACD CROSSOVER with RSI and STO going up - above 73.4$ MA50 res. could run http://stks.co/gGCq
Operating profit rose to EUR2 .4 m from EUR1 .6 m year earlier .
"Ruukki has signed a contract to deliver and install the steel structures for a bridge over the Kyronsalmi strait in Savonlinna 
"They can be used to control the speed of electric motors used by industry and municipal engineering 
Meggitt share price tumbles as profit falls in 'challenging year'
"$IMRS - it's important to be pragmatic in analysis...high prices could offer head-winds....bullish story intact
"On top of that 
"Under the agreement 
"The tests 
"says Brian Burton 
"Net cash from operating activities was a negative EUR 0.3 mn 
The total need for staff cuts corresponds to about 300 man-years .
"Within the framework of the partnership 
The estimated annual value of the frame agreement is about EUR 50mn .
The company expects its net sales in the first half of 2008 to reach the previous year 's level .
"In addition to its stake in MegaFon 
"Russia 's top container shipping group 
Operating profit fell to EUR 23.26 mn from EUR 32.86 mn .
Finnish silicon wafers manufacturer Okmetic Oyj said it swung to a net profit of 4.9 mln euro $ 6.3 mln in the first nine months of 2006 from a net loss of 1.8 mln euro $ 2.3 mln a year earlier .
"Fiskars R 
"Berkshire discloses unit's ties to Iran
The aim is to convert the plants into flexible manufacturers of new and technologically demanding products .
"Today 
"In the Baltic countries 
"For 24-hour news 
"In Finland 
"A total of 750
$GRPN might be selling off ahead of $P earnings...
"The above mentioned shareholders will suggest that a monthly salary of EUR 1
Arm profits and sales up as shift away from mobile gains pace
"Incap Contract Manufacturing will carry out the manufacturing for these agreements at its factory in Tumkur 
Cargo volume increased by approximately 5 % .
$GOOGL Hit With Lawsuit from Russian Search Engine $YNDX http://stks.co/b1kD8
$AAPL Action into the close indicates that $AAPL probably hit a near term high.  Momentum slowing after a huge run.
"So far the company has awarded more than $ 350
"However 
Aviva Fined $27 Million by U.K. Regulator Over Fee Failings
"Finnish management software solutions provider Ixonos Oyj net profit decreased to 369
"The bank also expects additional costs 
The turbines are expected to be launched by the end of 2012 .
"ADPnews - Sep 28 
Shell offers 50 percent premium to buy BG for $70 billion
Lean System supports change management and component purchasing extremely well .
Incap Furniture is presently negotiating staff cuts .
"To see more of New Haven Register 
"Production levels have been agreed with producers a long time ago 
$NVDA sideways
Diageo Shares Surge on Report of Possible Takeover by Lemann
`` Our approach is very much to only use raw materials that are produced in line with the principles of sustainable development .
"` Nordea 's definitely too big for Sampo to acquire 
"Ahlstrom 
"The redesigned crushing circuit has been in operation since the start of September and its overall production rate on a weekly basis is in excess of an average of 40
"The combination of all services enabling us to offer a complex and strengthened service chain not only limited to the Baltic port connections but also for getting access to the world wide Grimaldi Network into the Mediterranean 
"Key reasons to read this report : - Report contains only relevant information 
Adobe Receives New Rating from Top Analyst $ADBE https://t.co/LJNXPEvHZN
"As part of the agreement 
"The order includes a log handling line 
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) stood at EUR 0.25 versus EUR 0.42 .
$VRTX early technical BUY signal... for confirmation > 86 it needs some fundam. incentive https://t.co/QuYSrqFo2x
The energy-efficient data center will be built by combining an effective energy solution with state-of-the-art technology .
Johnson Matthey raises prospect of investor payout
"The chain has been trying to cut its own costs 
"Aldata Solution 
Also the development of online businesses will continue .
"`` Method and System for Controlling a Hard Disk Drive Using a Multimediacard Physical Interface '' was invented by Marko Ahvenainen Ruutana 
Fortum had previously bought the state-held stake in TGK-10 from RAO UES during its reform .
"In the first nine months of 2010 
US dollar wipes out sales gains for SABMiller
"Revenue grew by 2 percent to  x20ac 580 million $ 743 million 
"Seppala 's revenue increased by 0.2 % to EUR10 .1 m. In Finland 
$WX Decent pull back . .
"Master of Mayawas jointly developed by Nokia Siemens Networks and UFA - FremantleMedia 
$ENDP Was looking for a long entry but today's price action wasn't appealing
Covered my small $MWW short @ 7.99 for a .16 loss. Flat on the day. All cash now.
Return on equity stood at 18.3 % compared to 15.4 % in the third quarter of 2005 .
"The negotiation has resulted in the reduction of 80 people in regular employment 
$ACOM http://stks.co/1G6x Downside breakout looks to be coming soon.
Finnish handling systems company Cargotec Oyj ( HEL : CGCBV ) said today that it won a EUR 13 million ( USD 16.6 m ) contract to deliver MacGregor hatch covers for ships ordered by Norwegian shipowner Grieg Shipping .
"78 users on Vetr are bearish on Tesla Motors
"The cost of the deal could range from 70 million to 90 million euros depending on the financial results of the two companies in 2008 
"CapMan 
The compnay also said that it would lower the price of development projects by about one third compared with last November .
"The Nokian tyre proves its high safety excellently in the important driving qualities stability with mark 1.4 
Finnish communication electronics components supplier Scanfil Oyj Tuesday said sales in the first half of 2006 will be 15 % lower than during the same period a year ago .
High winds also toppled three semi-trailers on I-15 north of Barstow .
Ruukki signed the contract with Norwegian company Veidekke Entreprenor AS .
"Konecranes has previously communicated an estimated reduction of about 1
$GOOGL is setting up above its 50-day moving average. https://t.co/tTm9RnFoXJ
"The deal includes all rental equipment and related merchandise 
Operating cash flow after investments totalled EUR 61.3 mn compared to EUR 75.3 mn in the corresponding period in 2007 .
"The EBRD is using its own funds to provide a 21.6 mln A loan while the B portion of 10 mln Euros has been syndicated to two Finnish commercial banks 
`` The issues identified by Stonesoft affect a range of content inspection technology .
Pharmaceuticals group Orion Corp reported a fall in its third-quarter earnings that were hit by larger expenditures on R&D and marketing .
5-star analyst @brianwieser from Pivotal Research upgraded rating on $GOOGL to BUY. Brian has a 79% success rate https://t.co/t0dn02EOH5
Hobby Hall 's sales decrease 26 pct due to implementing a new information system that involved changing in the principal of posting sales .
"Last year 
"Operating loss totalled EUR 3.2 mn 
Subscription sales decreased slightly .
"( ADP News ) - Feb 6 
Finnish sports equipment company Amer Sports said it has decided to lay off 370 workers from its Salomon division in France .
The original contract was signed last summer .
"In the first quarter of 2008 
$SPY c'mon bulls buy DIPS!
"S Group 's loyal customer magazine Yhteishyv+ñ came second with 1
"Kesko Agro Eesti 
"According to him 
$FB & $TSLA cracking lower early. $short #correction #stocks
"Operating profit was EUR 24.5 mn 
The total capital of funds managed by the bank decreased by 28 % to EUR 284mn by the end of September 2008 .
"Commission income decreased to EUR 3.8 mn 
Finnish software developer Done Solutions Oyj said its net profit increased to 3.5 mln euro ( $ 4.6 mln ) in 2006 from 2.3 mln euro ( $ 3.0 mln ) in 2005 .
"Niina Nenonen 
Homeowners across North America have green experiences to share from cost savings to clean and eco-friendly heating .
Pharmaceutical market in Italy Global Research & Data Services published recently a market analysis about the pharmaceutical markets in Italy .
"`` This transaction supports Huhtamaki 's strategic review of rigid plastic consumer goods operations '' 
"Britain's FTSE steadies
"ADP News - Nov 13 
Finnish media group Talentum has issued a profit warning .
"The train is expected to cross the Russian territory in 9 days 
"FTSE 100 drops 2.5 pct on Glencore
The acquisition is part of Ramirent 's strategy to strengthen its position in selected locations .
HK Ruokatalo 's target is to know the consumers .
$SBUX getting sold here.
Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported .
With this acquisition Panostaja Oyj further expands its business area specialising in digital printing .
"Via the move 
Net sales in 2006 totaled EUR 302 million and the operating margin was 16 % .
"However 
"It started with software that was capable of retrieving the data typed into the computer keyboard ( `` keyloggers '' ) 
"`` This is a significant milestone for Benefon 
Kone said in court papers that the union action delayed repairs to elevators at the federal courthouse on Jan. 21 and the Saltonstall state office building on Jan. 23 .
The concept enables a commercially affordable way to manufacture high-quality TCO coated glass for the solar industry .
Performance in the second half of 2009 exceeded expectations .
$ES_F. Nice little cup-and-handle shaping up on the 15-minute. End-of-day $SPY $SPX favours a good day for the index. Will we see a gap open
"The 10
Amazon has been selling surveillance cameras infected with malware $AMZN #Amazon  https://t.co/TohLEQ8FK6 https://t.co/5PR4cBtVVy
Net sales dropped by 6 % year-on-year to EUR 11.9 million .
down to EUR5 .9 m H1 '09 3 August 2009 - Finnish media group Ilkka-Yhtyma Oyj ( HEL : ILK2S ) said today its net profit fell 45 % on the year to EUR5 .9 m in the first half of 2009 .
"The scheme for TeliaSonera and Altimo is practically identical 
"Finnish textiles and clothing group Marimekko Oyj posted a net profit of 7.99 mln euro $ 10.4 mln for 2006 
"a January 11 
$IWM relative weakness is pretty apparent but the short boat is getting full on this one. I prefer the boat closer to empty.
"`` The second quarter of 2010 was the firstquarter with growth in net sales since the third quarter of2008 
"In the third quarter of 2010 
The second-quarter net sales are expected to be on par with the first quarter of 2009 .
"According to the company 
L&T also acquired a 50 pct stake in local sector company Salvor Oy at the beginning of September 2007 .
bot $AMZN 600 weekly calls here @ 5.93
Vaisala 's net profit for the third quarter of 2007 dropped to 3.0 mln euro ( $ 4.3 mln ) from 6.8 mln euro ( $ 9.8 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
"Finnish Suominen Corporation that makes wipes 
"The Estonian electronic components factory 
$BBRY Ready for Take OFF!
"Nine banks including Barclays
"As a result of these transactions 
Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) declined to EUR 0.78 from EUR 1.76 .
"At the beginning of the subscription period on May 2 
"After the sale 
Amazon's grocery deal with Morrisons is only the beginning
"According to Finnish FIM Bank 
Net sales decreased to EUR 220.5 mn from EUR 470.0 mn in the corresponding period in 2009 .
Teva: FDA Approves Generic Version of AstraZeneca Heartburn Drug
The event can be followed on-line via Orion 's Finnish homepage at www.orion.fi as well as via the Kauppalehti Live web service at www.kauppalehti.fi/live .
"The Lithuanian beer market made up 14.41 million liters in January 
"Cost cutting measures 
$IACI http://stks.co/tJU Looks good on the weekly chart.
Viking Line head Jan Kaarstroem told TT that his company 's ferries were well equipped to handle ice and that all the passengers were safe .
"Finnish investment group Panostaja Oyj said its net profit went up to 8.6 mln euro $ 11.4 mln in fiscal 2005-06 
AstraZeneca And Daiichi Sankyo To Jointly Commercialise MOVANTIK In The US
"All the ferries had run into trouble just outside the Stockholm archipelago 
With this appointment Kaupthing Bank aims to further co-ordinate Capital Markets activities within the Group and to improve the overall service to clients .
$SPY Tomorrow party time for the Bears!! $GOOG and $MSFT -5.5%
"Operating profit excluding non-recurring items decreased to EUR 6.2 mn from EUR 16.8 mn in 2007 
The bank VTB24 provides mortgage loans to buy apartments in the complex at 11-13 % per annum in rubles .
"Last year 
"Featuring the S60 user interface 
"The sellers include 40 shareholders 
The insurer anticipates its share in Nordea 's net profit to be significant .
"ADP News - Feb 25 
The company reported today an operating loss of EUR0 .1 m on net sales of EUR4 .5 m for the first quarter 2008 .
"Operating profit totaled EUR 825mn 
Capitex Kalmar will continue to be responsible for the maintenance and technical development of the services .
`` Directors and shareholders alike should ask why these practices were allowed to continue . ''
"CEOs of BPM
"Tekla will organize an information meeting for analysts and media at WTC Helsinki Marski meeting room 
"The business is organised 
"Following the increase 
"It generated an operating loss of EUR 96.3 mn 
"In the first half of 2008 
Elcoteq 's revenues in 2007 were approximately EUR 120 million .
25 March 2011 - Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil Oyj HEL : SCF1V said today its plan to merge wholly owned Scanfil EMS Group with Ojala-Yhtyma Oy has hit a snag as shareholders of the domestic rival rejected the deal .
"Nevertheless 
`` Our design team has long admired Marimekko 's vivid patterns and colors .
"FTSE falls to 3-month low on Greek debt concerns
Its market share widened to 48.51 percent from 48.31 percent a year earlier .
"The negotiation has resulted in the reduction of 80 people in regular employment 
UPDATE 1-AstraZeneca boosts respiratory unit with $575 mln Takeda deal
Net sales fell by 33 % from the third quarter of 2008 to EUR 130.5 mn .
"`` These tests are part of a larger campaign which includes various customer trials and demonstrations to make LTE on 800 MHz commercially viable by this summer 
"Goldman Sachs
"Operating profit before non-recurring items was EUR 8.3 mn in the first nine months of 2008 
Do it for me' trend underpins UK sales growth at Kingfisher
"Food sales totalled EUR 323.5 mn in October 2009 
"Marubeni has participated in GHG - Green House Gas - emission reduction projects overseas 
"According to statistics by the Finnish Maritime Administration 
"Westend ICT Plc s new 409
The fund at fair value will increase correspondingly .
"Finnish Suominen Corporation that specialises in wet wipes 
The inventor was issued U.S. Patent No. .
"In September alone 
"Strong brand visibility nationally and regionally is of primary importance in home sales 
This is the first time Finnair has been awarded an agreement with the UK government .
"Following the move 
expecting  $SPY to close above 205.20 $AAPL
"Once your plants are in the ground they will continue to grow 
"The company said that paper demand increased in all of its main markets 
"The outsourced Scan and Capture solutions transfer paper invoices into electronic format 
AstraZeneca suffers setback after drug fails to treat eye cancer
Sanoma Magazines International will invite other shareholders holding approximately 15 % of the shares to sell their shares .
`` This could be us .
`` The trend in the sports and leisure markets was favorable in the first months of the year .
"Pre-tax profit totaled EUR 397.4 mn 
Berkshire applies to boost Wells Fargo stake above 10 percent
"Moreover 
The company did not disclose the price of the acquisition .
Fancy Dans on the move FAB Glasgow gift and interiors store Fancy Dans is moving !
Starbucks' Digital Strategy To Drive Significant Growth With Customer Loyalty https://t.co/9Q7cI79IYO $SBUX
"Retail chain Suomen L+ñhikauppa was given the index 5.8 
"M-real Corporation Stock Exchange Release 27 August 2009 at 3.15 pm M-real has received the EUR 190 million cash payment from Sappi M-real Corporation 
The amendment will not incur additional costs .
"Operating result 
The mill has long traditions and holds an established position in the markets .
"Lots of metal stocks look like a 5-10% run awaits. Long $SSRI
"$ENDP - we saw a large order in this one last week
Thank you $GOOG (Google Alphabet) and $FB (Facebook) stocks! What a nice reversal.
About Elcoteq Elcoteq SE is a leading electronics manufacturing services ( EMS ) company in the communications technology field .
"The company operates worldwide and employs in total approximately 47
Okmetic Board of Directors has also decided on a new share ownership program directed to the company 's top management .
"Lead production 
Aspocomp has a large factory in China and a factory building project in India that was halted due to financing problems .
"$TSLA on fire
"October-December sales were 302 mln eur 
GE is building the facility with wind power developer Invenergy Wind LLC .
"UPDATE 1-BHP Billiton's credit ratings fragile in FY16
"( ADP News ) - Nov 3 
The transaction was announced on September 29 when Pohjola Insurance agreed to pay EUR 80 million ( USD 106.3 m ) in cash for Pohjantahti .
"Previously 
"The total value of the project is about EUR53m 
Operating profit rose to EUR 27.8 mn from EUR 17.5 mn in 2008 .
The shares shall be acquired according to the Rules of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki and otherwise according to the rules related to acquisition of the company 's own shares .
"According to the prosecutor 
"Operating profit totalled EUR 9.6 mn 
Arm slammed by handset sales outlook
"Britain's FTSE gains
Builder Persimmon hails 6% rise in house sales
Most of the dividend will go to the Grimaldi family .
"Economic development in China is no longer taking place only on the East coast and in the Shanghai area 
"Jun. 14 
$NIHD insiders got this one wrong. Looking for bottom. Rsi under 30
"Laavainen said Benecol was well known in Europe and the US 
"The company also appointed Leif Rosen head of the Special Plate unit which includes the quarto plate units in Degerfors 
"potential defect with third-row seat belts. Tesla Motors recalls 2
"Altogether CapMan employs approximately 150 people in Helsinki 
"The segments through which the company operates are Frozen Food business 
"Based on negotiations with personnel 
France raises concerns over proposed LSE-Deutsche Boerse deal
"561
"Sullivan said some of the boards `` really involve a lot of work 
The expansion will be delivered in the fourth quarter of 2006 .
Aspokem posted an operating profit of 2.7 mln euro ( $ 3.5 mln ) and net sales of 89.1 mln euro ( $ 116.8 mln ) in 2006 .
"According to Karhinen 
"U.K. Stocks Resume Gains to Rally to Record; CRH
$FIO won't stay down
"The decision reflects the underutilisation of the line 
The court found TelecomInvest 's arguments convincing .
"The largest restructuring is planned for Italy 
"Operating profit totaled EUR 9.4 mn 
Earnings per share EPS in 2005 decreased to EUR0 .66 from EUR1 .15 in 2004 .
"MD Henning Bahr of Stockmann Gruppen praises the trend 
The investments and operational changes enable additional optimisation of the working hours and thereby further cost savings of some 7 % -9 % .
CompaniesHome Retail trims gains but is considered 'in play'
Net sales decreased to EUR 220.5 mn from EUR 470.0 mn in the corresponding period in 2009 .
"SINGAPORE ( ICIS ) -- ( 1 ) Kemira and Indian water infrastructure firm ( 2 ) IVRCL have agreed to form a join venture which includes a new inorganic coagulant manufacturing facility in Andhra Pradesh state 
"Products include Consumer Electronics devices such as mobile phones and their accessories 
This will bring cost savings of about EUR 3mn a year .
RT @Street_Insider The Steve Jobs Effect? Apple $AAPL First Day iPhone 4S Sales Were Off the Charts http://stks.co/YYe
"Demonstrations of the broad capabilities of the Mobility Business Suite will be organized during the 3GSM World Congress in Barcelona 
Market share decreased on the route between Helsinki in Finland and Tallinn in Estonia by 0.1 percentage points to 24.8 % .
"Finnish Suominen Flexible Packaging is cutting 48 jobs in its unit in Tampere and two in Nastola 
$mako hanging in well today. still in a basing pattern. have eyes on it
"This could be any of us at any time 
Catalysts segment includes refinery catalysts and polyolefin catalysts product categories .
"HELSINKI Thomson Financial - Shares closed little changed 
"As part of the reorganisation 
"Simultaneously 
"The Estonian beverages maker A. Le Coq today brought to the market a new premium class beer 
"ALEXANDRIA 
27 January 2011 - Finnish IT solutions provider Affecto Oyj ( HEL : AFE1V ) said today it has won a EUR1 .2 m ( USD1 .6 m ) contract from state-owned Lithuanian Social Insurance Institution ( SODRA ) .
"$CELG back near 104
"The Finnish investment company Sponda is conducting negotiations to acquire the business center Dukat Palace-2 located in the center of Moscow 
"The transaction is subject to a final agreement between the parties 
"BasWare Invoice Processing 
"In 2009 
"Net sales rose by 25.5 % year-on-year to EUR59 .6 m 
"Still short $LNG from $11.70 area...next stop could be down through $9.00. Someone slammed it hard with 230
UPDATE 3-Stifel to buy former Lehman brokerage from Barclays
Finnish glass technology company Glaston Oyj Abp net profit decreased to 2.6 mln euro ( $ 3.8 mln ) for the first nine months of 2007 from 7.8 mln euro ( $ 11.4 mln ) for the same period of 2006 .
Greene King's third quarter sales boosted by festive season
"U.S.-based T Corp. is in talks with Scandinavian telecoms company TeliaSonera to sell its stake in Uzbek cellular operator Coscom 
Investors Remain Skeptical About Shell-BG Deal
Piper upgrades Symantec on improving renewal rates and enterprise growth $SYMC
Profit before taxes decreased to EUR 31.6 mn from EUR 50.0 mn the year before .
The Group also has a strong global position in other fishing categories .
"The remaining amount will be funded through debt 
Finnish business software group AffectoGenimap Oyj said its net profit halved to 1.2 mln euro ( $ 1.5 mln ) in the first nine months of 2006 from 2.2 mln euro ( $ 2.8 mln ) in the same period of 2005 .
"Ixonos estimates that it will hire 20 specialists in mechanical engineering 
`` This is a win for all OEMs targeting to develop WiMAX products .
"According to Barclays 
"Finland 's Technopolis is planning to bring the first section of a technopark on stream in St. Petersburg at the end of 2008 
MillerCoors Delivers 2.9% Underlying Net Income Growth for 2014
"Neste Oil said that while results from its biomass to 3 liquids demonstration plant 
"In 2009 
"H1 '08 H1 '07 Q2 '08 Q2 '07 in mln euro 
`` Low energy consumption and flexible loading are just a few of the advantages of the CHF Pro . ''
$SPY $MITK fast 56pc dive http://stks.co/3ffN $$
Investment management and investment advisory services are the company 's sole line of business .
Market Report: Eight-day rally ends for FTSE 100 and Standard Chartered
"At this growth rate 
"Reuters: Green Mountain revenue misses
Clothing chain Sepp+ñl+ñ 's net sales increased by 7.0 % to EUR 30.8 mn .
The administrators have indicated a need for 900 job cuts at the Irish insurer over the next 15 months .
"The new office 
"However 
Rivals say Qualcomm has fewer patents on 3G phones than on earlier versions and should lower its rates .
"$QCOM The indicator RSI is over 50
$FB they are hitting  everything in sight.short it. but twtr
$GOOG resistance turned support?  It
$BOBE down $2.84  premarket
"Sales in Finland decreased by 2.0 % 
The impact on TietoEnator 's net sales for 2008 from the purchase is expected to be some 11 mln euro $ 15.9 mln .
"Metsaliitto 
The acquisition of Boomeranger Boats Oy is in line with the Done Solutions strategy of developing its business through company acquisitions .
28 October 2010 - Finnish wood products technology supplier Raute Oyj HEL : RUTAV said today it swung to a net profit of EUR3m for the first nine months of 2010 versus a net loss of EUR5 .2 m for the same period a year earlier .
$ACAD under $2 today?
$CERN - consolidating above 50 & 200 MA - nice long entry here w stop below 10 MA - targeting $70 area
"Last month we added to our $GILD position and started a new one in $BWLD We see slow
$PAY 2nd time test of the 21.20-30 b/o zone.  Still not breaking out.  Moved my stop up to 20.80.
"Finnish electronics contract manufacturer Scanfil reports net sales of EUR 241.2 mn in 2006 
"At end-August 
"Therefore 
"`` In the newly formed company YIT Stavo the local contact network 
Friends Life lifts profits 38% and hikes divi ahead of proposed Aviva takeover
The machinery now ordered will be placed in a new mill with an annual production capacity of 40 000 m3 of overlaid birch plywood .
"( ADPnews ) - Oct 21 
"Since the registration of the shares subscribed in a directed share issue 
"$SBUX down PM
"Swedish 
Finnish developer and manufacturer of mobile phone chargers Salcomp Plc OMX Helsinki : SAL1V on Wednesday 19 November lowered its full-year net sales estimate .
Operating profit fell to EUR 38.1 mn from EUR 55.3 mn in 2007 .
"In 2008 
Investments in product development stood at 6.0 mln euro ( $ 8.8 mln ) .
HSBC Says Unit to Book $585 Million Charge on Settlement
Daily Mail parent company in talks with potential partners about joint bid for Yahoo's internet assets: https://t.co/mK7MEMtADT $YHOO
RISING costs have forced packaging producer Huhtamaki to axe 90 jobs at its Hampshire manufacturing plant .
Nordic Walking was first used as a summer training method by cross-country skiers .
"According shipping company Viking Line 
"In the building and home improvement trade 
HELSINKI AFX - KCI Konecranes said it has won an order for four hot metal ladle cranes from Indian steel producer Bhushan Steel and Strips Ltd. .

SpiceJet to issue 6.4 crore warrants to promoters
MMTC Q2 net loss at Rs 10.4 crore
"Mid-cap funds can deliver more
Mid caps now turn into market darlings
"Market seeing patience
Infosys: Will the strong volume growth sustain?
Hudco raises Rs 279 cr via tax-free bonds
HOEC could retest 30-35 levels: Ashwani Gujral
Gold shines on seasonal demand; Silver dull
Genpact appoints Edward J Fitzpatrick as CFO
"EXL beats profit estimates
Wait and watch on Bharti Airtel: Vinay Khattar
"Would stick to banking: Girish Pai
MSCI adds Aurobindo Pharma to India index
Ashok Leyland raises Rs 667 crore through QIP
"At Wipro
Why Chinese stocks leave US investors vulnerable
US stocks finish mixed amid more tech selling
Opec reduces estimate on oil demand growth
Oil prices mixed ahead of US supply report
Makemytrip expands share sale plan
Gur closes quiet on some support
Gur closes steady on low demand
Gur closes steady on thin trade
Gur remains flat in tight movements
Popularising G-Secs among retail investors
Gold trades nearly flat on dull demand
ZEE announces closure of share buyback programme
ZEE Q2 net at Rs 216.3 cr
China to start yuan trading on Tuesday
BSE inks strategic partnership with YES Bank
Yes Bank launches Sovereign Gold Bond
"Yen firms in Asia on Iraq
Billionaire's stake shakes Woolworth's buyout of David Jones
Wonderla Holidays IPO subscribed 42% on Day 1
Wonderla Holidays IPO subscribed 98% on second day
WNS appoints Ronald Gillette as Chief Operating Officer
Strong deals crucial for Wipro's growth push
Ten key takeaways from Wipro Q1 results
Whirlpool may head to around 450-475: Devang Visaria
Western Coalfields CMD D C Garg passes away
VRL Logistics IPO grey market premium at 38%
"IPO after tax row is settled
Vodafone gets ready for IPO of Indian arm
VMware appoints Arun Parameswaran as India MD
Videocon D2H likely to bring IPO this fiscal
Videocon appoints Sanjeev Bakshi as COO
Viber ups marketing efforts with CMO appointment
Verizon appoints Christopher Formant to head enterprise business
"Amidst commodity boom
Universal Commodity Exchange goes live
United Spirits appoints Anand Kripalu as CEO
Promoters raise stake to 46.72 pc in Unitech
Uninor appoints Grameenphone CTO as new India COO
TV Today Q2 profit at Rs 12.83 crore
Tokyo stocks flat by the break
Adi Rajaram appointed TNIIC chairman
4200 is key level for Titan: Ashwani Gujral
Kapil Kapoor is global COO of Timex Group
TIL Limited can open-up for Rs 900-1200: Ventura
Thyrocare Technologies Limited files draft IPO papers
Thejo Engineering announces 1:1 maiden bonus
Neutral on telecom: Ramanathan K
Technofab Engg fix IPO rate at Rs 230-240
Tata Sons names Gopichand Katragadda chief technology officer
Tata Motors appoints Gajendra Chandel as CHRO
Kalyanasundaram resigns as Independent Director of Tata Communications
Talwalkars can retest 133-140 levels: Ashwani Gujral
Suzlon board approves cashless restructuring of FCCBs
Sunteck Realty: Building a solid foundation
Harsha Viji is deputy MD of Sundaram MF
Sugar closes steady on sporadic buying
Sugar ends steady in thin trade
Sugar settles steady on little doing
Sugar ends quiet amid sufficient stock positions
India produces 14.3 million tonne sugar till mid-February
Sterling steadies after Scottish referendum debate wobble
UK data gives battered sterling some respite
Red-hot sterling cools a touch after PMI numbers
Steel prices end steady in thin trade
Tight movement in steel prices in thin trade
Spices hold steady in mute trade
SpiceJet makes top-level changes
Spicejet seeks shareholders' nod to hike promoters holding
Several small caps trading at eye-popping valuations
Sistema on way to market
Shoppers Stop elevates Salil Nair to CEO
Neutral on Shiva Cement: Seshadri Bharathan
How will Shell-BG deal impact global energy market
SGX's India office to woo fund raising corporations
Prasun Kumar Mukherjee quits Sesa Sterlite
Which Sensex stocks should you bet on?
Sensex rangebound; top 20 intraday trading ideas
SEC director with big stock holdings stirs debate
Sebi partially lifts curbs on Shantivijay Jewels
Sebi seeks clarification on RINL IPO
"Sebi attaches accounts of former Ranbaxy director
Maruti-Suzuki deal: Institutional investors approach Sebi
Sebi notifies new ESOP regulations
Sebi revamps securitisation trustee norms
Centralised online system for investor grievances:SEBI
Sebi cautions against illicit high-return schemes
Sebi proposes restrictions on 'wilful defaulters'
"New listing
Sebi announces new set of ESOP regulations
Sebi considers proposal on cross-currency futures pairs
Sebi plans new norms for municipal bonds
"Sebi revamps committee on disclosures
Sebis reading of control issue confounds experts
20 companies approach Sebi with public offer proposals
Cabinet to consider proposal for Sebi ordinance tomorrow
"Insider trading on SEBI Chief
Minimum shareholding norm not for non-controlling entity: Sebi
President Pranab Mukherjee clears re-promulgation of Sebi ordinance
Sebi asks mutual funds to adopt high-deposit districts
Sebi calls for systemic safeguards in Algo trades
Sebi directs banks to defreeze accounts of Somanis
Sebi grants new status to three clearing corporations
Sebi initiates proceeding against entities in ponzi schemes
Sebi may seek relief for commodity exchange warehouses
Sebi mulls prudential governance norms for stock brokers
Sebi orders defreezing of accounts of five entities
Sebi plans annual information memorandum for listed companies
Sebi proposes stricter rules for securitisation deal trustees
Sebi to conitnue with more than 300 proceedings
Sebi to study surveillance systems in overseas markets
"Sebi
Sebi's public offer norms bat for retail investors
Sebi's toll-free service for investors open whole week
Single Demat A/c for all financial investments: SEBI
SCI ex-chairman S Hajara joins Doehle Danautic India
2270-2350 is the range for SBI: Sandeep Wagle
Cover up all positions for SBI: Mitesh Thacker
"Saudi market opens
Sanghvi Forging and Engineering Ltd IPO opens tomorrow
Samsung Everland IPO seen spurring Samsung Group restructure
Samsung Electronic India enterprise business head quits
Samsonite International appoints Ramesh Tainwala as global COO
Soiles Bhattacharya takes interim charge of SAIL
"SAIL sets rs. 7
Expert's take: Rupee-dollar pair to test 45.30-45.50 levels
Budget 2014 mustn't sell rupee short
Cabinet decides on rupee sign today
Rupee little changed in intraday trade
Rupee ends little changed; fund flows in focus
Rupee swings hand arbitrage advantage to day traders
"Output not stretched
RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group to begin new CSR initiatives
Ravi Venkatesan joins Rockefeller Foundation Board
AGM can open new chapter for RIL shareholders
Should you opt for richly valued stocks?
Rs 15.26 crore dividend cheque from REPCO Bank
Wilmar deal: Not much for Renuka investors
Religare Securities launches virtual stock trading platform
Sandip Bansal joins Religare Capital Markets
Religare's top four picks for 2014
Reliance Industries announces 10-year US dollar bond
Reed Exhibitions looks to expand in India
Reckitt Benckiser names Nitish Kapoor as India MD
"Which is better
"RBI
RBI Deputy Governor Anand Sinha retires
Cash rates stabilise after RBI's MSF auction
RBI moves to curb novel bond structure
What to expect from RBI policy tomorrow
RBI bets on 'shut period' to improve liquidity
RBI tightens provisioning norms for unhedged forex exposure
Raw material bull market fades as supply expands
Ranbaxy for short term: Deepak Mohoni
Upside capped at 90 for Ramsarup: Siddth Capital
Rallis India to launch branded pomegranates
Stay with quality stocks: Deven Choksey
Puravankara Projects gives 70% dividend to non-promoters
Pulses futures remain steady in thin trade
Pulses remain flat in thin trade
Pulses remain steady in thin trade
Pulses prices end steady in tight movements
Prices of pulses remain steady in thin trade
PTC India appoints Deepak Amitabh as CMD
"Finally
PSU bonds match equity returns in fourth quarter
Principal MF appoints PVK Mohan as Head-Equity
PricewaterhouseCoopers to conduct special audit of MCX
"Neutral on power sector: Pankaj Pandey
Overseas funds plug into power gear makers
Participate in power through other sectors: Vijai Mantri
PNB: Asset quality improves but payout cut disturbing
Long-term investors may go for PMC Infratechs IPO
Sameer Garde appointed Philips Healthcare South Asia President
Things that influence pharmaceutical sector growth story
Seven rules for investing in penny stocks
Pegasystems Inc acquires MeshLabs Software
Parabolic Drugs IPO opens on June 14
OnMobile appoints Sanjay Bhambri as Regional VP
Sudhir Vasudeva to head ONGC
Britain FTSE regains traction as oil steadies
Experts' call on oil marketing companies
Oil ends steady in thin trade
Oil prices mixed in Asian trade
Oil takes breather in Asian trade
Oil prices turn mixed in Asian trade
Put OI concentration at 6000 shows support
OBC may go for FPO post-capital infusion
NTPC files for FPO
NSEL appoints five new independent directors
NSE sees senior level changes
NSE operationalises SME platform with first listing
"Options suggest range of 8
NSE directs brokers to implement risk reduction mode
NSE to begin overnight investment facility from Monday
"Nomura sees Sensex at 33
"Nothing alarming about Nifty level: Deepak Mohoni
Nifty likely to trade in 7500-7700 range
Nifty will revisit 7930-7940 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Today's Bet: 5100-5300 level crucial for Nifty
5450-5500 is possible on Nifty: Aptart Technical Services
"Immediate target for Nifty at 7
Nifty may retest levels of 8000: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty might consolidate between 8950-8980 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty to find next support at 5950 level
"Nifty50 to find support at 7
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; Economic Survey eyed
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8800
See Nifty heading towards 5180-5150 levels: Ashwani Gujral
NHPC: Timely completion of projects crucial for company
Network18 names Anuj Gandhi as Group distribution director
Should you buy Nestle India now?
T Nandakumar to be appointed NDDB Chairman
NCDEX mulls relaunch of Brent contract soon
"Exporters
NCDEX launches new membership category for forwards segment
"NCDEX spot turnover may reach Rs 7
Nasdaq eyes running dark pools for banks: WSJ
Nasdaq Record: Then and Now
"MTS appoints heads of Karnataka
Kuldip Singh named new CMD of MTNL
D-Street shakeup may be triggered by MSCI rejig
MRPL records Rs 406 crore net profit
"For Mphasis
Moser Baer postpones bondholders meet on debt restructuring
"Centre
Mini Indian Rupee futures launched in Dubai
MindTree board accepts Sootas resignation
Microsoft is tuning its phones for India coverage
"Mercedes India appoints new heads for sales
MEP Infrastructure's Rs 324 crore IPO opens tomorrow
"July 1
"July 10
"July 16
"July 31
"July 9
"June 11
"June 17
"June 25
"Mecklai Financial Report: 22 September
"Mecklai Financial Report: Novermber 03
"Mecklai Financial Report: October 10
"Mecklai Financial Report: October 7
"Mecklai Financial Report: September 08
"Mecklai Financial Report: September 29
"April 02
"April 14
"April 16
"August 1
"August 7
"February 5
"January 03
"January 07
"January 11
"January 15
"March 04
"March 15
"May 29
"November 05
"November 13
"November 27
"November 28
"September 1
"MCX-SXCCL seeks candidates for Managing Director
MCX-SX is well ring-fenced from NSEL crisis: Sebi
MCX shares financial details with FTIL financial adviser
MCX CFO Hemant Vastani resigns
MCX migrates to latest version of exchange software
MCX plans to launch spot trading in gold?
McAfee appoints Anand Prahlad as India Operations head
Maytas Infra to consider share issue July 19
Max Life Insurance proposes maiden dividend for shareholders
Maruti Gujarat plans: Will small investors be shortchanged?
Games fund managers play in Maruti
Maruti may get re-rated post Diwali: Prakash Diwan
Market downside capped likely at 7550 levels
Market on a consolidating mode: Mitesh Thacker
Marico Kaya to be listed on bourses
Manappuram Finance launches another public issue
Manappuram Finance launches another public issue
MakeMyTrip posts Q4 net profit of $3.7 mn
Mahanagar Gas files IPO papers with Sebi
Madras Stock Exchange to close doors?
Macquarie initiates neutral rating on Lupin
M&M probably retest levels around 550: Ashwani Gujral
Hosiery maker Lux Industries to debut on NSE
Lux Industries lists on NSE at Rs 3342.05
US Generic launches are key to Lupin growth
Lamy names William Penn official distributor in India
Shareholding norms: L&T Finance Holdings explores various options
L&T: Analysts' views & recommendations on the stock
Five things to know about KYC Registration Agency
Kirloskar Engines India turns Kirloskar Oil Engines India
"Kalindee Rail is thinly traded: Sandeep Wagle
Jyothy Laboratories rejigs top management
"JPMorgan shuffles CFO
JK Tyre & Industries to consider stock split
Jindal SAW appoints Neeraj Kumar as group CEO
"JGBs mixed
JGBs steady at lofty levels as stocks slump
Q1 earnings analysis: Jammu and Kashmir Bank
Jaggery prices steady in thin trade
"ITC Q2 profit at Rs 2
What can be expected from ITC Q3 results?
Be tactful on IT stocks: Deven Choksey
Stock-specific action likely on IT counters: Nitin Raheja
Stock-specific action likely on IT counters: Nitin Raheja
Decoding the cryogenic engine used in ISRO launch
Ircon declares Rs 64 crore dividend for 2011-12
Ingersoll Rand appoints Madhusudan Rao as CFO
Check out experts' recommendations on infra stocks
Infosys' S Gopalakrishnan is the new CII President
Infosys appoints Kanchinadam as Chief Compliance Officer
Infosys elevates Pravin Rao as whole-time director
What brokerages are expecting from Infosys Q4 results
Why long-term investors should stay invested in Infosys
Smart things to know about inflation-indexed bonds
Inflation indexed bonds to be modified: RBI DG
Infinite Computer to enter market
IndiGo staff keep off airline's IPO
Calculus that drives Indian Railways
Mark Mobius expects 15-20% returns from Indian markets
Mark Mobius expects 15-20% returns from Indian markets
"Indian market retains trillion-dollar tag
Jignesh Shah quits Indian Energy Exchange board
How India Inc can woo more international investors
IIFL Commodities behind NSEL defamation notice?
Two IIFL subsidiaries get investment adviser licence
IIFCL launches infrastructure bonds
Anshu Jain joins IIF board
IiAS names Hetal Dalal as COO
Chandrakala Padia to be IIAS first woman chairperson
Narendra Kumar takes over as IGL Managing Director
2G auction will not impact Idea Cellular
IDBI Federal Life elevates Vighnesh Shahane as CEO
BoR awaits legal view for ICICI-BoR merger
What to expect from ICICI Bank Q3 results?
Rajnikant Patel tipped to become ICEX CEO
IBMA reconstitutes board; appoints four new directors
"Hyundai Motor India promotes R Sethuraman
Hyundai elevates R Sethuraman to board of directors
Two senior executives quit HULs modern trade division
Hong Kong shares end mixed as insurers weigh
Hindujas to raise $1 bn through Petromin IPO
Hinduja Ventures Q3 profit at Rs 23.53 crore
Range-bound markets help consolidate: HDFC Standard Life
HCL ropes in Chandrasekaran as No. 2
Sant Singh Chatwal-led Hampshire Hotels appoints new CEO
Gur prices ends quiet on scattered buying
KK Maheshwari appointed as Grasim MD
"India valuations are less compelling
China eyes gold market clout with new exchange
Should you bet on gold loan companies?
Catch the glow of gold
"Gold trading flat
Elections results to influence gold prices: Study
"Gold steadies above $1
Gold steadies ahead of expected hawkish Fed moves
Gold steadies as buoyant equities balance Ukraine tensions
"GMR
Sridhar Krishnamoorthy to head Gerdau Steel India
Geojit posts Rs 20 crore profit in Q2
General Insurance Corporation to offer catastrophe bonds
"MCX-SX distances itself from FTIL
FTILs warrants sale hangs in balance
Foodgrain prices rule steady in wholesale market
What lies ahead for FMCG stocks
Weak monsoon could halt rally in FMCG stocks
FMC revises norms for surrendering membership of commexes
FMC unveils uniform warehouse accreditation norms for bourses
FMC mulls centre-specific commodity forward trades
We are reviewing shareholding guidelines: FMC chairman
Flipkart names Rajnish Baweja as its finance controller
Firstsource: Should you invest at the current levels?
Finolex Cables Q4 PAT at Rs 18.68 cr
Financial Technologies appears befor Sebi in MCX-SX case
Financial Technologies receives non-binding bids for its stake
Ficci establishes centre for corporate governance
Fiat Chrysler launches Ferrari IPO
Fed decision unlikely to calm markets: Fund managers
Fatpipe to raise Rs 49 cr through IPO
Brokerspicks: Morgan Stanley has equal-weight on Exide Industries
Everstone names L. Brooks Entwistle as group CEO
Are Europe-focused funds a good bet?
Staying active in flat European stock markets
European stock markets flat as glum outlook weighs
European shares steady ahead of ECB decision
European shares steady; all eyes on ECB
Euronext names new head of post-trade business
Euro back around $1.37 as ECB meets again
Euro is not too strong: Luc Coene
Euro remains steady ahead of ECB policy meeting
Eurex exchange says currently experiencing technical issues
Important support for EUR/USD lies at $1.3588/86
Ravi Ruia quits as Essar Energy chief
Rajeev Vasudeva appointed CEO of Egon Zehnder
Day Trading Guide by Edelweiss Securities
Day Trading Guide from Edelweiss Securities
DTC will not impact foreign investor fund inflows
DSP Blackrock moves Sebi for retirement fund
Dry fruit prices rule steady in tight movements
"A look at the Dow 1
How the dollar impacts you
Dollar moves narrowly in Asia trade
Dollar steady in Asia ahead of Fed minutes
"Dollar supported by ECB talk
Pramod Bhasin to head DLF's rental business
Dhanlaxmi Bank board orders 3-year expenditure audit
Dhabriya Polywood lists on SME platform of BSE
"Deutsche sets Sensex target at 24
Cyclicals to wait for concrete fundamentals: Nitin Raheja
Crude reserves filling to begin after March 2016
Crisil launches first inflation-linked government securities index
Commonfloor.com plans to launch IPO in 3-5 years
Commodities futures now part of supply chain
Look beyond annual contracts in commodity buying'
Mixed trend prevailed in commodities market this week
Commexes extended trade hours hit a roadblock
Comfort Comtrade lists on BSE's SME platform
Colgate-Palmolive India appoints Prabha Parameswaran as MD
Coffee Day to list shares on Monday
Coffee Day IPO: Should you subscribe or avoid?
CNX IT holding the market: Ashwani Gujral
CLSA picks top 12 investment themes for 2014
Sameer Goel takes over as Cipla India head
Cipla to meet revised targets
Cipla appoints Adil Zainulbhai as an independent director
Sameer Goel takes over as Cipla's India head
"Despite discount
Ajay Shriram takes over as new CII President
China yuan sees respite from recent bruising
China yuan flat despite a two-month low midpoint
China yuan pinned steady by central bank guidance
China stocks close mixed ahead of 'connector' launch
China stock offers to resume next week: Companies
China Overseas Land braves market with euro bonds
China markets calm in thin trade
Cerebra snaps winning streak as traders corner co
Central Depository Services plans Rs 400 crore IPO
Care reports flat net in Q3
Carborundum Universal posts Rs 49 cr Q4 profit
Caldwell looks to raise stake in BSE
BSNL IPO may happen next fiscal: Disinvestment Secretary
Muhurat trading at BSE and NSE on Diwali
BSE Sensex rangebound; Nifty holds 7600 levels
BSE revises circuit limit for 405 stocks
BSE increases lot-size of foreign index derivatives contracts
"BSE plans international exchange in Gujarat
BSE to begin charging for currency derivatives trade
BSE to introduce new group 'W' from Friday
BSE tweaks minimum base capital rules for brokers
BS Transcomm debuts at Rs 257/share on NSE
BS Transcomm IPO looks costlier than peers:Nirmal Bang
Vinita Bali steps down as Britannia Managing Director
Record open interest points to Brent price support
Bonds now move in tandem with stocks
Bonds little changed; treasury bills auction in focus
Bond yields steady ahead of buyback results
Bond yields steady; treasury bill outcome watched
Bond yields little changed; buyback news to support
Fruitful talks held with Bharti on mobile industry
BGR Energy can test 370 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Several Belgian companies tie up with domestic companies
"Barclays appoints heads of equities for India
Analysts' recommendations on banking stocks
Too early to buy banking stocks: Deepak Mohoni
Bank Nifty may consolidate: Mitesh Thacker
Stock-specific action likely; all eyes on Bank Nifty
Bajaj Auto Q2 net at Rs 591 crore
Bafna Pharmaceuticals proposes to raise funds
Australia shares end flat ahead of bank results
Australia shares seen steady ahead of emergency summit
Aster Silicates IPO opens on Thursday
GST is a brahmastra to kick-start GDP: Assocham
Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street records
Hold on to Asian Paints: Deven Choksey
Asian Paints Q3 net at Rs 329.35 cr
"Asian currencies mixed
Asia shares mixed after new Wall Street record
Asia Index launches S&P BSE dividend stability index
Asia to test bond record again in 2015
Ashoka Buildcon to issue shares to institutional investors
Ashok Leyland vice chairman V Sumantran resigns
Dheeraj Hinduja appointed Chairman of Ashok Leyland
ArthVeda Capital to launch Smart Alpha indices
"Apple Inc announces seven-part bond for buybacks
Fundamentally markets are fairly priced: Angel Broking
Ameriprise Financial closes financial planning division in India
Amar Ujala files IPO papers with Sebi
Sanjiv Mediratta joins Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company
India's Lalita Gupte finds place in Alstom's Board
AkzoNobel India appoints Jayakumar Krishnaswamy as managing director
Air India bond sale extended to September 26
Adlabs Entertainment to make market debut on Monday
"ADAG identifies rogue brokers
ABN Amro IPO values bank at $17.9 billion
Early triggers coming into ABG Shipyard: Rajesh Jain
ABB relying on short-term orders to lower risk
A2Z Engg plans Rs 350-cr public issue
Markets may move in 8000-8200 range
3i Infotech to begin talks for bond refinancing: Source
5150-5300 the big base for Nifty this year: IL&FS
7050 to 7080 cash level for Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Abhay Kumar Singh is new CEO of SBI Cards
Alibaba set to price IPO shares amid investor frenzy
"Alkem Laboratories prices IPO at Rs 1
Ambit Capital appoints Saurabh Mukherjea as Head of Equities
Amit Akali calls it quits at Grey Worldwide India
Anil Dua quits Hero MotoCorp; to pursue career abroad
Ansuman Das takes over as full-time CMD of NALCO
Arbitrageurs building positions in natural gas counter on MCX
"Arcil to pick stake in Spic
Arun Gupta appointed CMD of Shipping Corporation of India
Ashok Vidyasagar appointed as senior VP of Endemol India
"Asia stocks muted as China data
"Atanu Sen becomes new MD
Axis Bank foreign shareholding crosses 49 per cent limit
Banking stocks to see lot of traction: Mitesh Thacker
Bayer CropScience plans Rs 455 crore share buyback offer
Bosch appoints Guenter Weber as regional president in India
Bourses ask companies to comply with corporate governance norms
BPCL hires four banks for US dollar bond offering
Brokerages have mixed views on Wipro post Q4 results
Brokers seek reduction in option trading charges at NSE
BSE and NSE announce trading holiday on April 24
"BSE opens investor centres at Lucknow
BSE to foray into commodities trading with new platform
CCD may be valued at $1bn in April IPO
Ceat fairly priced at the current levels: Nitin Raheja
Central Bank of India housing finance subsidiary eyes IPO
Century Textiles posts Rs 1.58 crore profit in Q3
China funds raise equity allocations as buy-in opportunities rise
China slaps restrictions on 7 securities and futures institutions
China yuan almost unchanged after moving in narrow range
Choose NBFCs which have muliple products including insurance:Prateek Agarwal
Coal India board appoints M Viswanathan as Company Secretary
Cosmo Films to raise Rs 100 crore through QIP
Create framework to fight cyber attacks on markets: Sebi
Dalit Entrepreneurs celebrate the launch of Dicci's Mumbai chapter
David Lau appointed GM of Singapore Airlines in India
Did Federal Reserve's Janet Yellen just enter currency wars?
DLF asked to give fund-requirement plans for interim relief
Do not see Nifty testing 8000 levels: UR Bhat
Does Sesa Sterlite look attractive as SC lifts ban?
Dollar steadies in Asian markets despite weak GDP data
Ennore Port to approach Shipping Ministry for IPO approval
Espirito Santo Securities appoints Premal Madhavji as Equities Head
Eveready Industries records Q4 profit at Rs 5.44 crore
Expect Nifty to hover around 5950-6100 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Expect Nifty to hover around 5950-6100 levels: Sandeep Wagle
"Expect Nifty50 to trade in 7
F&O Tracker: Nifty likely to cap resistance at 6270
F&O: Next support of Nifty seen around 5000 levels
Financial Technologies investors have a tough call to make
Force Motors Q3 net profit at Rs 9.99 crore
Fortis Healthcare December quarter profit at Rs 389.09 crore
Gammon India to issue Rs 100-crore debentures to promoters
"Get ready to test 8
Global design pact: IKEA to rope in NIFT students
"Gold steady near $1
Gopal Vittal to be managing director at Bharti Airtel
Government plans to curb RBI role in financial markets
Govt goes on hunt for a new FMC chief
Growth more promising in midsize IT companies: Deven Choksey
Has RIL turned the corner? Some analysts think so
Have stock-specific view on consumer durables space: Hemindra Hazari
HCL Q3 Results: Five things to watch out for
HDFC seeks to raise Rs 1000 crore via bonds
"Healing process continues
Heard on the street: Dabba trading on Sebi radar
Heidelberg Cement India to raise Rs 370-cr through NCDs
Heritage Foods to reward shareholders with 1:1 bonus issue
Hero MotoCorp appoints Sanjay Jorapur as Chief HR Officer
IDBI looking at FPO to shore up capital base
IDFC ex-MD Nikhil Vora fund gets first mega investor
"IDFC to remain in 120-140 range
IEA says oil supply boost may defer market tightening
Immediate support for rupee is placed at 55.10: Bonanza
"Immediate target for Nifty is 6230-6250: Sandeep Wagle
Indian markets not trading at cheap valuations: Anish Damania
"IndiGo set to launch Rs 2
Infosys' March guidance for next fiscal is very crucial
Infosys Q4 results: Five things to watch out for
Insecticides India's Q4 net profit at Rs 6.13 crore
"Investors on sidelines ahead of US holiday
"IOC investor roadshows in Singapore
Is this a good time to purchase gold jewellery?
"IT companies will continue to deliver
J P Chalasani joins Punj Lloyd as Group CEO
"Jindal Stainless rejig: Shareholders
Jupiter Infomedia to list on SME platform of BSE
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria leads exit of senior analysts at BofA-ML
K K Agarwal takes over as NTPC Regional ED
Kartik Kaushik to lead Citi India's consumer banking division
Keki Mistry joins advisory board of Cox & Kings
Komli Media CEO Prashant Mehta quits for personal reasons
L&T Finance case: Factorial says will cooperate with Sebi
"Larger companies reverse trend
Legal tussle forces Sebi to re-think decision on self-regulation
Limited options in banking space to pick: Harendra Kumar
Lodha Developers gives guidance for debut US dollar bond
Look for levels around 6630-6640 on Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Maharashtra say no to Bt cotton seed price hike
Manpasand Beverages plans IPO to raise Rs 500 crore
"March series may expire at 6
Marginal revision in Lupin's target price expected: Pankaj Pandey
Max Indias Vibha Paul Rishi decides to move on
Micromax rejigs management; ropes in Deepak Mehrotra as CEO
Mideast crude market rides out Iraq conflict for now
Moderate earnings expected for IT companies in Q3: Analysts
MRPL posts profit of Rs 260 cr in Q3
MSCI global indices may include Alibaba after investor queries
MT Educare IPO oversubscribed 1.22 times on day 2
"Munish Sharda appointed as Future Generali Life MD
Muthoot Fincorp announces its first public issue of NCDs
"Nagesh Basavanhalli to head India business of Fiat
Nasdaq to settle Facebook IPO lawsuit for $26.5 million
NCDEX seeks permission to do futures trading in sugar
New rules on delivery instruction slips from October: Sebi
"NHAI tax-free bond closes tomorrow
Nifty likely to revisit 7450-7500 support levels: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty looks tightly range bound: Vineet Bhatnagar
Nifty may take a breather around 6715-6750 this week
Nifty might retest earlier high of 7800: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty to test 6900 levels; top five trading strategies
"Nifty50 may not break 8
Nikko reworks stake in Ambit Group JV to 51%
Nissan Motor India appoints Takayuki Ishida as new MD
Nita Ambani becomes first woman director on Reliance board
NMCE to launch select forward agri contracts this month
NMDC offers RINL ex-CMD AP Choudhary full-time advisor post
NMDC offers RINL's ex-CMD AP Choudhary full-time advisor's post
Noel N Tata takes over as chairman of Trent
Noel N Tata takes over as chairman of Trent
"Nomura neutral on YES Bank
Nomura's top five largecap picks in an uncertain market
NSE arm introduces acceptance of FDRs in electronic form
NSE expects 8-10 listings on institutional platform by March
NSE to launch trading in currency options on Friday
NSEL ties up with Tanfed to procure vegetables online
NSEL to rematerialise e-series contracts from April 12 onwards
"NYSE tests systems
OIL India is more sideways type stock: Ashwani Gujral
Oil marketing companies to procure Rs 97-crore litre ethanol
Oil steady around $114 as Iraq exports in focus
P Padmanabhan takes charge as MD Numaligarh Refinery Ltd
P Padmanabhan takes charge as MD Numaligarh Refinery Ltd
Panacea Biotec Q3 net profit at Rs 83 crore
"PE funds Multiples
"PepsiCo India appoints new CEOs for beverages
Philippe Divry appointed as the MD of Volvo India
"Pipavav is steady: Ambareesh Baliga
Piramal Enterprises Q3 net profit at Rs 249 crore
Ponzi schemes: Sebi seeks quarterly meetings of state panels
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; mat retest 8100 levels
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 7
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 7
Pricing power is the key in FMCG: Prateek Agarwal
Prism Cement Q1 net profit at Rs 13.24 crore
Private sector is more promising than PSU bank stocks
PTC India seeks shareholder nod to pay 22% dividend
Pyramid Saimira case: Sebi completes probe against five entities
R K Tewari takes charge as new CBDT Chairman
Rajiv Sawhney puts in papers as Mahindra Holiday CEO
RBI ensures resumptions of RTGS functions in bond trading
RBI is helping govt gold monetisation scheme take off
Recommend wait and watch for Reliance Communications: Deven Choksey
Recommend wait and watch for Sintex Industries: Deepak Shenoy
Re-emergence of equity investors in 2014: Baroda Pioneer MF
Reliance Industries continue to do reasonably fine: Amisha Vora
Reliance Industries may post a flat performance for Q1
Reliance will participate in a bigger way: Kunj Bansal
"Religare Capital Markets appoints head of institutional equities
Revise Tata Consultancy Services target to Rs 1152: Kotak
Rice bran oil set to smoke out olive oil
RINL IPO will depend on market conditions: Steel Secretary
Royal Exchange appoints Mukesh Malhotra as new group head
Rupee ends flat; Reserve Bank of India intervention seen
"Rupee snaps two-day fall as exporters
Rupee will probably stabilised around 61-62 levels: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Sanghvi Forgings lists at Rs 88 on the NSE
Santosh B Nayar new CEO & MD of IFCI
Santosh Nayar to be MD and CEO of IFCI
SAT to hear Alchemist Capital case on September 29
Satisfactory PAT nos from FMCG majors: Networth Stock Broking
SCA Hygiene India appoints Milind Pingle as Managing Director
Scenario for Rel Comm is range bound: Sanjeev Agarwal
Sebi announces new corporate governance norms; mutual fund policy
Sebi board approves sharing KYC details with financial regulators
Sebi clears amalgamation of Aarti Industries & promoter firms
Sebi collates KYC details of nearly two crore investors
SEBI enhances vigil for money laundering through stock market
Sebi mulls YieldCo listing norms in renewable funding push
Sebi notifies rules for using IPEF for refunding investors
Sebi orders attachment of demat a/c of MPS Greenery
"Sebi orders attachment of demat
"Sebi proposes including family trusts
"Sebi proposes new title of ""vice-chairpersons"" for its members"
"Sebi to fix strict enforcement timelines
Sebi to meet rating companies today for reality check
Sebi to revisit policy on proprietary trading by brokers
Sebi to soon notify norms to regulate research analysts
Sebi to study global systems to catch manipulators early
Sebi to tap social media for investor awareness campaigns
"Sebi wants young
Sectors that are likely to outperform in Samvat 2071
Selection panel for Sebi chief reset; PMO nominee included
Sennheiser appoints Gunjan Srivastava as MD for India operations
"Sensex may touch 22
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
Sensex takes a breather; top ten stocks in focus
Sentimental impact coal pricing is inevitable: P Phani Sekhar
Servalakshmi Paper Ltd receives SEBI approval for its IPO
Sharekhan revises BASF India price target to Rs 586
"Snowman to be listed in 2014
Soaring milk prices may become India Inc's latest bugbear
Spice exporters eye Vietnam for a steady pepper supply
"SREI Infra is moving sideways: Ashwani Gujral
State government companies lure PFs with high-return bond issues
Stick to regional players in cement sector: Jagdish Malkani
Stock exchanges are fighting a global war for listings
Study company's management before buying infra stocks: Prashasta Seth
Submit associate member details by February-end: NSE to brokers
Sugar mills in Maharashtra can now expect saffron boons
Suven Life Sciences Q2 flat at Rs 25 crore
"Suzlon eyes Rs 10
Sweet sugar turns bitter for mill owners in 2014
T K Sengupta takes over as Director of ONGC
"Tapering is bound to happen: IV Subramaniam
Tata Elxsi Q4 numbers justify its valuations: Prakash Diwan
Tata Power appoints Ashok S Sethi as Executive Director
Tata Steel to pay Rs 193.34 crore as bonus
"Tax gold imports
Technical snag at BSE; exchange looking into it: Official
Telenor promotes Indian executive Prasoon Sinha for global role
Ten-year T-yields to stay at 2.5-3%: Pimco Bill Gross
Ten-year T-yields to stay at 2.5-3%: Pimco's Bill Gross
Thermax posts Q4 net profit at Rs 126.50 cr
Time Technoplast is fairly valued at 71: Sudhir Nair
Timex posts Q4 net profit at Rs 2.47 crore
Tirupati gold set to be locked safely in PSBs
Top 10 luxurious types of coffee across the globe
Top five factors which are weighing on Indian markets
"Trimax IT Infrastructure plans IPO
U K Sinha gets two-year extension as Sebi chief
UltraTech Cement allots 658 shares to employees under ESOP
Universal Commodity Exchange launch likely by Diwali: Ketan Sheth
US stocks end little changed before monthly jobs report
US-based CGAP elects Indian as Chairman of Executive Committee
Vipul Prakash to be Pepsi-Co marketing head in India
Vipul Prakash to be Pepsi-Co's marketing head in India
Visa Steel appoints Punkaj Kumar Bajaj as new CEO
Vishal Sikka to outline strategy at Infosys' Q2 results
VRL Logistics IPO subscribed 0.47 times on Day 1
VRL Logistics sets Rs 195-205 price band for IPO
Waiting for Nifty to move above 5570-5575: Mitesh Thacker
Wall Street finishes flat; deal news offsets housing data
"Wall Street is for sale
We retain our 'neutral' stand on Infosys: IIFL India
What analysts have to say about Infosys Q3 results
What brokerages have to say about the Adlabs IPO
What investors should expect from Axis Bank Q2 results
Why Hemang Jani is not bullish on banking stocks
World Gold Council organises forum to reform gold fix
Would look at shorting opportunities in banks: Mitesh Thacker
Yen broadly in line with Japan fundamentals: IMF Lipton
Yes Bank wrangle may be solved out of court
"Yuan firms for 4th week
"Yuan flat
"Yuan holds steady
"Yuan little changed on PBOC guidance
1.3 lakh investors traded via mobiles on NSE in Q1
103 alter funds allowed to operate in Ind by Sebi
5 factors indicating the tide is turning for banking sector
Ace to launch direct delivery from sellers' location in Gujarat
Acropetal's Rs 170-cr IPO to hit market on Feb 21
Alibaba's record IPO covered entire deal in 2 days: Sources
Amara Raja posts 13% growth; market leader Exide slips 11%
"Amitabh Bachchan rings opening bell of BSE while promoting ""Yudh"""
Analysis of the performance of mid-sized banks in Q1 FY13
Analysts see no major impact from new Fed tapering talks
Anoop Singh to quit as IMF's  Asia Pacific Director
"Asia tentative
BAE Systems names John Brosnan as new India managing director
Banking is the sector is own right now: Satish Betadur
Bharti Airtel to raise 250 million Euros for 5 year
BNP Paribas buys Mahindra Holidays shares for Rs 20.3 crore
BNP Paribas fine shows dollar key role in global markets
Bourses ask cos to strictly comply with 'trading window' rules
"British markets breathe sigh of relief as Scotland votes ""No"""
BSE resumes trading after tech glitch; top 20 trading ideas
"BSE resumes trading post tech glitch; traders
BSE to auction unused government bonds limit to foreign investors
Build defensive portfolio in volatile markets: HDFC Standard Life Insurance
CBI expected to seek licensing records of NSEL from states
Centre seeks more time to pass FTIL-NSEL final merger order
CERC gives Financial Technologies more time for IEX stake sale
Chances are that Nifty will go towards 8650-8700: Ashwani Gujral
Cheap valuations of public sector banks: Buy or no buy?
China sets stage for opening commodity futures to foreign investors
China state-owned margin finance corp says to ensure market stability
China yuan remains nearly flat as ruling party meeting opens
Cipla: Focus on exports critical to swing in future surprises
Cisco rejigs India operations; appoints Dinesh Malkani as President Sales
Cognizant September quarter results: Five things to watch out for
Colvyn Harris gets South Asia as JWT 'deconstructs' region roles
Cos listed on VSEL to move on BSE dissemination board
Cos with high IPO grades have higher PE multiples: Crisil
Crackdown on Ponzi schemes: Ordinance empowering Sebi set to lapse
"Definance Technologies
Dewan Housing's PE arm ArthVeda Fund launches infrastructure debt fund
Did IGate's Board wrong its shareholders? Law firms are examining
Digjam promoters settle case with Sebi; pay Rs 13.27 lakh
"Domestic companies turn back on bank loans
DSK Developers launches Rs 200 crore public issue of debentures
ECB QE: What markets expect and what it might mean
ECB says forex benchmark rates compiled on too narrow basis
"EGoM to decide Engineers India FPO date
EID Parry declares interim dividend of Rs 4 per share
ET 500: Why Dynamatic is the Infosys of aerospace manufacturing
Europe shares mixed as buoyant results offset by China woes
Expect markets to be range bound going ahead: Mitesh Thacker
"F & O Tracker: 6
F&O Tracker: Market may move in a range till May-end
F&O tracker: Next support for Nifty seen at 8320 levels
Fatpipe Networks extends IPO; price band revised to Rs 80-85
FII's step up stocks purchase after IMF reiterates positive growth
Finance Ministry sets ball rolling for listing of UTI AMC
Fiscal deficit to be around 5% this year: JP Morgan
Five things to watch out for in HCL Technologies earnings
Five things to watch out for in TCS Q1 results
FM P Chidambaram seeking to empower Sebi against ponzi schemes
Foreign investors navigate turmoil in Chinese markets with new playbook
Former Idea Cellular MD Sanjeev Aga joins Board of Subex
Fortis get shareholders' nod for selling 6.5% stake to GIC
F-Secure appoints Amit Nath as Country Manager India & SAARC
FTIL calls board meeting tomorrow to discuss Jignesh Shah's arrest
"FTIL
FTSE adds 9 Indian firms to key Asia Pacific index
FTSE to keep sanctioned Russian banks in indexes for now
"Future Retail files papers for Rs 1
GE appoints Munesh Makhija as MD of India technology centre
GlaxoSmithKline posts Rs 79.75 cr net profit in Dec quarter
"Gold firms near $1
"Goldman Sachs prices 30-year
Government begins search for new members for Securities Appellate Tribunal
Govt should follow 25% public holding rule for PSUs: Sebi
Guidance framework soon for companies to make right disclosures: BSE
Half-a-dozen hopefuls line up for UTI Mutual Funds top post
Harsha Lal to head Dell's Public-Large Enterprise business in India
HCL Infosystems announces key additions to its Board of Directors
HCL Technologies Q4 results: Five things to watch out for
Here are the jobs most in demand on Wall Street
Hinduja Ventures appoints Amar Chintopanth as Group CFO - Media
Hindustan Construction likely to list Lavasa Corp by July-September quarter
Hong Kong shares close mixed on China bank reform plan
"Hopeful on construction sector: Sanjay Dutt
Housing lender Indiabulls plans up to $600 million share offering
HUL Ltd with target price of Rs 586: Mitesh Thacker
IC Sahu is new ED in-charge of IISCO Steel Plant
ICICI not very expensive compared to previous cycle: Anish Damania
Important that Bank Nifty captures 19150 levels again: Mitesh Thacker
"Info Edge: Economic turnaround
Inform clients on website to update details: Sebi to Brokers
"Infosys December show
"Insider trading
Insurance bill will not benefit insurance companies immediately: Deepak Shenoy
Intelenet to delist Sparsh BPO to avoid conflict of interest
"IRFC may raise Rs 6
iStreet Network to raise Rs 100 crore for expanding operations
IT stocks lead gain in weak market post Infosys results
Jagran Prakashan reports Q2 net profit at Rs 91.27 crore
Jain Irrigation in talks with IFC for stake sale: Sources
Jet Airways appoints aviation specialist Cramer Ball as new CEO
JK Paper reports Q4 net profit at Rs 18.07 crore
Kasturi and Sons appoints Rajiv Lochan as MD & CEO
KC Chakrabarty to join Indiabulls Housing Finance as Independent Director
Ketan Mehta eyes $10 mn from PE players for Maya
KPMG appoints Samik Nandi as Partner of ERP Adivisory practice
LSE partners with Chinese banks to promote London renminbi trading
M Teresa Kho is ADB's new country director for India
Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission appoints Chandra Iyengar as its Chief
Management commentaries to sway sentiment on IT counters: Mayuresh Joshi
Markets are loving the no vote in the Scottish referendum
Markets look directionless: Here where investors can park their money
"Markets may correct this week
Markets may take cues from global factors this week: Experts
Markets seems to be getting into budget-trade mode: Ashwani Gujral
Markets to be in limbo till poll results: Nitin Raheja
Maruti versus minority shareholders: It a precedent in the making
MCX likely to tweak technology deal with FTIL by month-end
MCX lists at 34% premium at Rs 1387 on BSE
MCX plans strategic stake sales to raise Rs 900 crore
"MCX-SX first to offer interest rate futures
Media important part of Sebi surveillance mechanism: U K Sinha
Metropolitan Stock Exchange eyes Rs 118 crore via rights issue
"More time required for order on NSEL-FTIL merger
Morgan Stanley plans natgas export plant in new commodities foray
Motilal Oswal forecasts achhe din for stock market in 2016
NCDEX initiative has Gulab Bagh reaping big with maize contracts
NCDEX ties up with DD Kisan to provide agri-price information
NCDEX to bring in differential transaction charges from February 19
Near term outlook remains muted for cement space: Amit Khurana
Network18 founder Raghav Bahl to continue as non-executive board member
Next few years need stable FDI flows:  JP Morgan
NIF may turn co-plaintiff in Modern India suit against NSEL
NIF may turn co-plaintiff in Modern India suit against NSEL
"Nifty can hit 12
Nifty may be on its way to 6800: Ashwani Gujral
Nifty might resume upward trend after 2-3 days: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty nears 6
Nifty to get past 8000 at some point: Ashwani Gujral
"Nifty to trade in a range of 8350-8
Nifty's consolidated P/E makes Indian markets cheaper than its peers
Nishi Vasudeva takes over as Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd chief
"Nitin Fire Protection Industries expects Rs 1
NSE extends deadline for trading members to provide client details
"NSE moves court
NSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 617 crore tomorrow
NYSE to take back policing duties from Wall Street watchdog
Oberoi Realty: Look at it only from a long-term perspective
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan approves appointment of new IOC Chairman
"Open offers worth Rs 1
Options signal limited upside for Nifty at around 7500 levels
Otis Elevator appoints Sebi Joseph as MD of India biz
Parsvnath plans to raise up to $67 mn through QIP
Pawan Hans Helicopters offers equity stake against Rs 131-crore loan
Pawan Munjal elevated as new Vice Chairman in Hero Motocorp
"PFC to raise Rs 5
"PFC to start selling Rs 1
"Piramal Healthcare is in a range: Kunal Saraogi
Praj Industries announces to buyback shares of Rs 62.07 lakh
"Pre-market: Nifty likely to open flat; may retest 6
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may trade around 8050 levels
"Prestige Estates Rs 1
Public offer discounts should be given at bidding time: SEBI
"Public sector banks' future not gloomy: Tushar Pradhan
"Q1 earnings: Lanco Infratech PAT seen at Rs 3
Q4 numbers by PSU banks a mixed bag: Hemindra Hazari
Raghuram Rajan wins in Sydney but Indian markets don't care
RBI governor may shift focus to government bonds from rupee
RBL Bank plans to launch IPO in next three quarters
"Reliance Communications to raise Rs 4
"Reliance Industries to stay in 800-950 range
Report OTC trades in corporate bonds within 15 minutes: Sebi
S K Sharma takes charge as Bharat Electronics Limited CMD
"SAIL decides to retain merchant bankers for Rs 8
Sandeep Batra may go back to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Sanjiv Misra joins the Board of Directors of Edelweiss Capital
SAT asks Alchemist to submit investors' details within 2 weeks
"SAT clubs KP Singh
Sateesh Andra takes over as Ventureast Tenet Funds Managing Partner
SBI to submit revised proposal on rights issue in June
Sebi ask cos to follow std format for auditor certificates
Sebi asks listed firms to appoint women directors by month-end
Sebi Chairman UK Sinha expects healthy IPO market in 2016
Sebi chief UK Sinha to get two-year extension; notification soon
Sebi extends timeline to implement FPI regulations to June 30
Sebi invites bids from BPOs for empanelment of helpline agency
Sebi may soon make BRs mandatory for top 500 companies
Sebi notifies rules on launch of new mutual fund schemes
Sebi probe: Maharishi Vedic firm says not into public deposits
Sebi provides clarity to ICICI Prudential on associate director status
Sebi ropes in Narayana Murthy to head panel on start-ups
Sebi seeks fresh clarification on UFO Moviez Rs 750-crore IPO
Sebi to soon issue final norms for listing of startups
Securities Appellate Tribunal's Dalmia ruling may trigger more buyback offers
Securitised debt trades to be reported within 15 minutes: Sebi
"Seeing sector rotation
"Sensex likely to hit 31
Sensex trading in a range; top 20 intraday trading ideas
"Sesa Goa: Iron ore policy
Shanghai Gold Exchange to launch international board on September 29
Shoe maker Jimmy Choo to step out on London market
Shriram City to launch Rs 200-crore NCD on April 16
Sri Lankan rupee forwards steady as central bank prevents fall
StanChart elevates Sanjeeb Chaudhuri as global brand head & CMO
Stock Buzz: Sun Pharma may face resistance at current levels
"Street Ahead: Markets edgy over current affairs
Sugar companies & investors get the sweet smell of revival
Suggest to wait till Nifty hits 8330 mark: Mitesh Thacker
Target of Rs 268 for LIC Housing Finance: Rajat Bose
Taro contributed one third of Sun Pharma's consolidated net sales
Technofab Engg files red herring prospectus with RoC for IPO
The empire strikes back: Why gold will matter in 2014
Thyrocare Technologies plans IPO worth up to $100 mn: Sources
"To help sugar sector
Top brokers recommend 'subscribe' to Syngene International IPO; here why
Traders may get cash-settled gold and silver futures on MCX
"Ujjivan Financial Rs 1
UTI AMC shortlists 3 names for Chairman and MD position
"UTI MF appoints Kaeley as group president
UTV posts FY'11 consolidated net profit at Rs 135.47 cr
Valuations of Mangalam cement look cheaper compared to its peers
Wall St Week Ahead: Jobs report may test market complacency
Wall Street ends flat in quiet end to dramatic week
Wall Street Week Ahead: Don't leave small-cap stocks for dead
Wall Street Week Ahead: S&P 500 nearing the 2K summit
"War clouds over Crimea: Sensex ends below 21K
"Watch out for 720-725 band in Reliance: Vijay Bhambwani
What should investors do with RIL ahead of Q2 results?
What's happening in the oil market right now is 'unprecedented'
Who is buying defunct Kingfisher Airlines' shares on the bourses?
"Why 9
Wipro likely to sell water business; Focus more on core
Worldpay Group Ltd valued at $7.4 billion in London listing
5400-5470 is the Nifty range for next few days: Ashwani Gujral
Adani Ports & SEZ Q4 net profit at Rs 530 crore
"Airtel hits global bond market
Alkem Labs May Inspire Other Pharma Cos to Take IPO Path
All is not lost for investors; IT is analysts' best bet
Alok Sinha takes over as new Airports Authority of India chief
Amar Ujala plans another IPO to raise about Rs 450 crore
"Anil Ambani-led Reliance Infrastructure appoints ex-Vedanta chief
APL Apollo Tubes allots 10 lakh equity shares to promoter entity
"Asia shares steady
Birla Sun Life appoints group co head Jayant Dua as CEO
Birla Wellness Group appoints N Venkat as new MD and CEO
"BSE StAR MF processes over 50
"BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 3
"BSE to auction investment limits for Rs 5
BSE to auction investment limits for Rs 561- crore government bonds
BSE to take 'appropriate action' on Sebi order in NMDC case
"By 2030
Can Nifty hold 6200 levels next week? Top five trading bets
Canara Bank issues 4 crore shares to LIC on preferential basis
Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd reports Rs 510.11 crore Q1 net profit
China appoints Bank of China as yuan clearing bank in Paris
China to let banks with offshore yuan business do domestic repos
China yuan seen to play a bigger role as funding currency
"China yuan steady on flat midpoint fix
China's CICC investment bank set to open up in HK debut
Citigroup joins foreign brokerages in cutting year-end target for Indian stocks
Corporate affairs ministry finalises share swap ratio for proposed NSEL-FTIL merger
Corporation Bank to raise Rs 500 crore from Tier I bonds
Cos to host 'material' details on websites for 5 yrs: Sebi
Currency Corner: Rupee snaps 3-day gain as funds reduce equity exposure
Currency futures volumes key to RBI plan on FIIs forex hedging
Delhi International Airport keen on bond issue to repay bank loans
Did D-Street had an inkling of Ranbaxy deal with Sun Pharma?
"Dilip Shanghvi
Director (Finance) of MRPL Vishnu Agrawal gets additional charge of MD
Dish TV makes first profit at Rs 35 crore in Q4
"Dollar flat in Asia ahead of key data
"D-St upset with AAP populist measures
Dubai commodity exchange in talks with producers to launch tea futures
"Early elections could provide needed impetus to markets: Pankaj Pandey
EID Parry December quarter consolidated net profit at Rs 15.15 crore
EIL trading close to its support of Rs 310: Vinith Jain
Eros International appoints Ricky Ghai as the CEO of Eros Digital
"Eros International holds high potential
Essar Steel Algoma posts $21 million net income in October-December quarter
ETFs based on MSCI Index set to hit the market soon
European Central Bank could fix euro zone flaw with risk-free bond
European stocks get second half of 2014 off to steady start
"Ex - chief
"Exercise caution
"Expect Nifty to remain in 8
Ex-staff can't sell ESOP shares for one year post IPO: SEBI
F&O tracker: India VIX seen in 16-22 range for Nov expiry
"Feeling ignored
Finance Ministry to give in-principle approval for UTI MF IPO soon
Five factors that could decide what way the Sensex moves next
"FMC turns the heat on UCX
Former FMC executive director PK Singhal to lead MCX management team
"Franklin Templeton buys record Rs 16
FTIL board meeting on Nov 29; to consider revised audit report
FTIL moves SAT against Sebi order on 'fit and proper' status
FTIL moves SAT against Sebi order on 'fit and proper' status
Fund houses may ask Sebi to protect interest of Maruti investors
Fund managers look to make room for Alibaba Group Holding Inc
Godrej Industries gets NSE nod to merge Wadala Commodities with itself
"Gold rules firm for ninth day on global cues
Hatson Agro registers net profit of Rs 13.89 crore in Q1
"Have a target of 1200-1210 on Hindustan Zinc: Sandeep Wagle
Higher holding in promoter firm will not trigger open offer: Sebi
Hindustan Construction Company QIP and Lavasa Corporation IPO likely in FY16
Hindustan Unilever elevates CFO Sridhar Ramamurthy to Senior Vice President Finance
House Committee may meet before submitting final report on FCRA Bill
How Sensex moved in the last five RBI policy review meetings
How to play Nifty options ahead of Bihar elections and win
HUDCO plans to raise Rs 286 cr via tax free bonds
ICICI Banks K Ramkumar moves from HR to head CSR division
IFC launches $2.5 billion 'rupee-denominated' bonds for infrastructure projects in India
"Immediate target is around 3400 in SBI: Prasad Kushe
India Alkem Labs to launch $210 million IPO in December: Sources
Indian Clearing Corp goes in for Rs 340 crore insurance Cover
Indian Register of Shipping appoints new executives in Singapore and London
Infinite Computer IPO opens on Jan 11; price band Rs 155-165/share
"Info Edge promoter Sanjeev Bikhchandani transfers 13
Interest in FMCG limited; bias towards high beta stocks: Gautam Trivedi
Invest in stocks of companies with high pricing power: Matthews Asia
"Investors pick stocks of auto companies focused on India
Investors should be wary of cyclicals even if Narendra Modi wins
IPFs of commodity bourses not to have FMC official as trustee
IT stocks likely to hold Nifty at 7900-8000 levels: Ashwani Gujral
Jagadish Bhat takes over as head of management at MAN Trucks
Jet Airways posts net profit of Rs 118.23 crore in Q3
Jignesh Shah's arrest: NSEL Investors Forum hopes to get back money
Jimmy Choo IPO pricing values firm at up to $1.1 billion
Jindal SAW appoints Neeraj Kumar as Group CEO & Whole-Time Director
JustDial levels of Rs 1000 look rich to me: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Larsen and Toubro to monetise some Infrastructure Development Projects Ltd assets
Launch of 4G services key to Reliance Industries stock: Parag Thakkar
Leo Puri likely to become CMD of UTI Asset Management Company
Maintaining a neutral stance on the entire aviation space: Mayuresh Joshi
Market is contracting; preparing itself for a big move: Ashwani Gujral
Market levels beyond 7250 possible in next few days: Mitesh Thacker
Market may retest 5600 level in next few weeks: Ashwani Gujral
Market taking cues from global factors and quarterly results: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Markets ahead: Is it lull before the storm on Dalal Street?
Markets will move sideways before next upside starts:  Ashwani Gujral
"Markets will remain range-bound in August: Rajat Rajgarhia
Marks and Spencer Reliance India appoints Venu Nair as managing director
MCX signs MoU with Gift City for international asset class exchange
MCX-SX new CEO Saurabh Sarkar to review business links with FTIL
Medium term target of Rs 450 for Century Textiles: Ashwani Gujral
Micromax names Bharti Airtel ex-CEO Sanjay Kapoor as chairman of board
Micromax names Bharti Airtel's ex-CEO Sanjay Kapoor as chairman of board
"Midcap mantra: Gujarat Flourochemicals on a roll
Mumbai HC to hear govt's case against FTIL board on Wednesday
Nasdaq Co-President Adena Friedman to be named chief operating officer -source
National Stock Exchange issues new guidelines for furures and options segment
"NBFCs look good from macro perspective
NCC Rs 600 cr rights issue to open on September 29
NCC's Rs 600 cr rights issue to open on September 29
"NDA may get 230-240 Lok Sabha seats
Need to be careful about selection of pharma stocks: Dipan Mehta
Need to be patient while investing in PSU banks: Mayuresh Joshi
"Nifty likely to test 7
Nifty50 in a no-trade zone due to holiday-truncated week: Sandeep Wagle
Noel Tata takes over as Chairman of Tata Group's logistic arm
Nokia India appoints V Sembian as new head of Chennai factory
NSE CNX IT index to have 10 stocks from May 29
NSEL Director Jignesh Shah quizzed again; focus now on broking firms
OIL director B N Talukdar made new directorate general of hydrocarbons
"Orbit Corporation could retest levels of 46: Ashwani Gujral
"Post RBI policy: Bonds draw comfort from future guidance
"Post RBI surprise
Power Exchange India gets time to comply with net worth norms
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat on first trading day of 2014
Profit-making PSUs may be asked to submit IPO plans to Centre
"Pullback rally over? Now
"Railways trying to match airlines; to offer personalised alerts
Ranbaxy's long positions should wait for some good news: Ashwani Gujral
"RBI measures
"RBI sells govt bonds worth Rs 20
RBI to conduct 14-day term repo auction for 610 billion rupees
RBI's rate cut: More money may chase fixed income products now
"REC posts Rs 1
Reliance Communications closes share issue; promoters subscribe at Rs 150 apiece
"Relief temporary for DLF
RS Butola is the new chairman of Petroleum Federation of India
Rupee to stay in 60-62/$ band till election results are out
"SBI hits global debt markets
SC dismisses Sebi's plea for insider trading charges against Samir Arora
Search panel recommends S S Mundra for RBI Deputy Governor role
Sebi asks bourses to move 36 companies to normal trading category
Sebi eases rules for market making in illiquid equity cash segment
Sebi meet from January 27 to discuss risks of algorithmic trading
SEBI planning to provide fresh avenues for startups through crowd-funding norms
"Sebi to carry investor campaigns via mobile
Sebi working on guidelines to check wilful defaulters: U K Sinha
"Seeing broader participation in market; Nifty may revisit 8
Sensex trading in a narrow range; top thirteen stocks in focus
Shriram City Union to raise Rs 500 crore via secured NCDs
"SME bourses: No number games this time
"Spice Mobility to raise Rs 300 cr
Standard Chartered appoints former SBI chief OP Bhatt as board member
State-owned banks may have to shell out more on perpetual bonds
State-owned banks start a bond fire with a flurry of issues
"Stock markets to see cautious trading amid elections
Subhash Projects to raise Rs 300 cr via SPV stake sale
Sun-Ranbaxy deal is the best thing to happen to their investors
Three reasons why India Incs credit scores are on the mend
"To keep growing in 2010
Top BSE stakeholder urges FM Arun Jaitley to review exchange norms
Vedanta group: Anil Agarwal to be Chairman Emeritus of Sesa Sterlite
Vedanta Resources says ex-Rio Tinto boss Tom Albanese to be CEO
Videocon d2h to file fresh draft prospectus for Initial public offering
Vikram Akula plans a second innings in microfinance with Vaya Finserv
Wait and watch' for NBFC stocks in present situation: IIFL Wealth
Wall Street struggles to comply with new US sanctions on Russia
What investors should expect from State Bank of India Q1 results?
What to watch out for post the US Federal Reserve meeting?
Why Sebi should not treat PE investors as a privileged lot
Why US dollar has re-emerged as preferred currency for global investors
Wipro shuffles top deck; Saurabh Govil made in-charge of human resources
WL Ross asks OCM to wipe out losses by March 2013
Wonderla Holidays files Draft Red Herring Prospectus with SEBI for IPO
Wonderla Holidays to raise up to Rs 190 crore via IPO
ZEE Entertainment Q2 PAT at Rs 243 crore; in-line with estimates
Zee Learn Ltd appoints Navneet Anhal as new Chief Operating Officer
8000 on the Nifty is coming and coming pretty fast: Manish Sonthalia
Akzo Nobel India reported Rs 60.89 crore PAT in Q1 of FY13
Alstom T&D India to raise up to Rs 294 crore through IPP
Analysts' views on how to trade Reliance Industries ahead of its results
Be cautious on amount of stock you buy into BEML: Devang Visaria
Beaten down counters aid Sensex; Top ten stocks to watch this week
Bill Gross' love for Mexico stays unchanged despite his exit from Pimco
BSE plans foray into commodity trading; board gives nod for new platform
BSE to shift 21 cos to restricted trade segment from February 23
Can't take more than 200 points view on the Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Centre asks rubber industry to work out details of national rubber policy
"Coffee Day Resorts to raise up to Rs 1
Company Law Board accepts private equity investors' plea on Fourcee forensic audit
"Complainant KK Sinha can be party to Sebi-DLF Case
Cool-off period likely to continue for Sensex; top 4 events to watch
CSE to seek more time to meet SEBI norms for trading platform
Currency trading is next big thing in India: Veracity Financial Service Ltd
Current market situations point to a mixed bag in IT: Deepak Mohoni
CVCI ropes in Citigroup to find buyers for stake in Sharekhan: Sources
Dabhol deal brought glory to both Sanjay Bhandarkar and his firm Rothschild
DCM Shriram Inds posts Rs 6.8 cr net profit for March quarter
Dinesh K Sarraf takes charge as chairman and managing director of ONGC
"DLF seeks shareholders nod to raise Rs 5
Do not see more consolidation in large cap pharma stocks: Vijai Mantri
"Dollar hits 6-year high vs yen on Fed study
"Emcure Pharmaceuticals files for 600 crore IPO
Expect Nifty to be in 7350-7500 band on the upside: Mitesh Thacker
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reviews state of capital markets with Sebi board
"Financial Technologies India Ltd pacts with Jhunjhunwala
FinMin has not sought halt in trading in NTPC on Feb 3-5'
"Flash Boys
Forward Markets Commission asks bourses not to charge audit fee from members
Forward Markets Commission to soon take a call on NSEL e-series payments
"Going ahead
Here are top five stock ideas by Kunj Bansal Centrum Wealth Management
"Hold Aditya Birla Nuvo with a stoploss at Rs 1
HSBC 'neutral' on India markets; says time not right to go overweight
IFC in talks with regulators for additional $2 bn offshore rupee bonds
"IIFCL to raise up to Rs 1
Indian Energy Exchange in talks with FTIL for buying out technology solutions
IndiGo plans to raise $400 million by selling 10% stake via IPO
"Industry today needs simple de-jargonized products: Tapan Singhel
"Inox Wind debuts at Rs 400
IOT Infrastructure & Energy Services raises Rs 3000 crore from domestic investors
IOT Infrastructure & Energy Services raises Rs 3000 crore from domestic investors
"Jeffrey Currie
"Jet Airways back in black
"Keshub Mahindra retires as Mahindra & Mahindra Chairman
Less than 50% chance of oil falling below $20 a barrel: Goldman
Liquidity not a big concern for largecap stocks so far: Kunj Bansal
"Market might see breakout if Bank Nifty gets past 15
MCX can launch fresh contracts post FTIL agreement with Kotak Mahindra Bank
Multi Commodity Exchange signs new technology contract with Financial Technologies India Ltd
New govt should implement policies to revive the banking sector: Amit Shah
Nifty likely to start flat on 'Muhurat Trading' day; may reclaim 8k
NK Proteins diverted Rs 969 crore to entity related to Sebi probe
"Not just MNCs
"November F&O expiry seen between 6050 and 6100: Vishal Kshatriya
NSEL-FTIL merger issue: Govt to seek more time from Bombay High Court
Open to change norms on exchange-traded funds: Sebi chief U K Sinha
"Polls could be a big swing factor for Indian market
Pre-market: Nifty likely to open on a flat note; winter session eyed
Preview: Top five things to watch out for in Biocons Q4 results
Private placement to 30 million investors? wonders Sebi's chief U K Sinha
"Rajesh Exports to raise Rs 6
Rallis is another one which has started to move today: Jagdish Malkani
Ravi Ruia steps down as Chairman of Essar Energy amid CBI charges
Refinery stocks go up during downtrends & fall during uptrends: Deepak Mohoni
"Reliance Communications closes share sale
Reply to SEBI's latest query on open offer this week: Sesa Goa
Rural Electrification Corp to raise Rs 700 crore via tax free bonds
S H Kelkar to launch Rs 500 crore IPO on October 28
"Sachin Tendulkar
"Samsung SDS may list shares at around 200
SAT asks Financial Technologies  to approach Sebi to seek more time
Sebi asks for fresh clarification on Inox Wind Rs 700 crore IPO
Sebi wants bourses to provide a level playing field for HFT traders
Securities Appellate Tribunal asks Sebi to select SRO afresh for MF distributors
"See great valuations in Indian markets currently: Arindam Ghosh
See positivity around PSU stocks at this point of time: Nandkumar Surti
SH Kelkar hires 4 banks for up to $125 million IPO: Sources
"Simplex Infrastructure: Healthy order book
Symantec appoints Adrian Jones as Asia Pacific and Japan senior vice president
"Syndicate Bank can be bought at around 137: Prasad Kushe
T Nanda Kumar to take over as NDDB chief from February 27
TA Associates eyes Motilal Oswal's 12 per cent stake in AU Financiers
"This is an inflection point for IT industry: Deepak Shenoy
Today's bet for F&O: Strong support seen at 5180 level for Nifty
Top five things to watch out for in Reliance Industrie 40th AGM
"UAE Exchange appoints B R Shetty as Chairman
"UTI Mutual Fund appoints Suraj Kaeley as group president
"Vodafone starts preparatory work for IPO in India
Waiting to see initiatives from the government for PSU banks: Pramod Gubbi
50-day moving average of 7820-7850 on Nifty not out of question: Ashwani Gujral
"5450-5500 is the next level for Nifty: Sandeep Wagle
A look at how Federal Reserve decision is going to affect Dalal Street
"After US Fed status quo
AIA share sale set to be World's second largest IPO of the year
"Auto component pocket looks interesting
Bank stocks have to participate in rally to take market higher: Ashwani Gujral
Big uptrends in IT stocks is over for the near term: Neeraj Deewan
"Bring it on Yellen! Fed won't impact Indian bourses that much
Canada-based Aditya Birla Minacs Worldwide sold to a group of strategic financial investors
CIL workers that struck out on IPO may get chance to buy stake
Cipla promoters YK Hamied and MK Hamied seek Sebi guidance on voting arrangement
Correction on the cards; can build long positions on IT counters: Mitesh Thacker
"Dalmia Bharat Group appoints Ajit Menon as executive director
"Delhi High Court asks Centre
"Delivery-based transactions key to curbing price manipulation in commexes: Samir Shah
"Dena Bank to raise Rs 2500 crore via bonds
D-Street week ahead: FIIs in wait & watch mode ahead of Bihar outcome
Energy Development Company seeks shareholders' nod to issue shares worth Rs 44 crore
"F&O Tracker: No major downtick seen in near term
Fortis Healthcare to buyback 3.1% stake in SRL Ltd for Rs 105 crore
Forward Markets Commision allows  national commodity bourses to impose different deal charges
Forward Markets Commission steps up vigil to curb volatility on NCDEX and MCX
French President Francois Hollande says euro is now at right level vs dollar
"Gas pricing decision will determine next move on Reliance: Ambareesh Baliga
Goldman Sachs steps up India focus; ropes in Morgan Stanleys ex-ED PV Krishna
Government to review 'Call & Put Option' rules that hit DoCoMo exit plan
H Kumar takes over as Managing Director of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd
Havells is a 'BT/ST' call with a target of Rs 300: Mitesh Thacker
Helion co-founder Kanwaljit Singh moving out as VC firm names two new partners
Here why Devi Shetty of Narayana Health is looking to hit Dalal Street
Hindustan Unilever Q3 PAT seen up 8% at Rs 871 crore; stock down
"HUL needs to up the game to sustain growth
IFFCO acquires 1.12 per cent stake in NCDEX for about Rs 10 crore
"IMAX China files IPO in Honkg Kong
"Immediate resistance for Reliance is around 1018
Infosys  president BG Srinivas to join Hong Kong-based PCCW as managing director
"IRFC likely to launch tax-free bonds worth Rs 4
"It is vital for the rupee to stabilise: Prateek Agarwal
"Jet-Etihad deal: Taking 'control' in listed firms would need open offer
"Just Dial has been a proxy to e-commerce play: Deepak Shenoy
Kesoram Industries to mop up upto Rs 500 crore through a rights issue
Manoj Vaish new CEO of MCX; bourse to trim stake by January 18
Max Life posts PAT at Rs 326 cr for Apr-Dec period in FY14
"Metal stocks shine after price hike
Narendra Kothari takes over as new  Chairman and Managing Director of NMDC
"Once competitive pressure eases
RBL Bank to raise about Rs 500 cr from IPO in Q4 FY15
"Secular rally in cyclicals coming to an end: Prateek Agarwal
Securities and Exchange Board of India begins recruitment process for 2 executive directors
Take to Infra stocks only with a long term view : Sonam Udasi
Taking DVR route to Tata Motors' rights issue may be a better play
Tilaknagar Industries appoints Vijay K Rekhi as chairman of its board of advisors
Two reasons why PSU banking stocks have turned around in terms of performance
UBS says more than 90 per cent of shares tendered into share exchange
UPA takes sheen off PSU stocks since it came to power in 2004
Wall Street week ahead: Fed change unlikely to blunt equitie appeal over bonds
Wall Street week ahead: Nasdaq 100 index may see record on Apple earnings
Want to bet on Infosys? Five reasons why you should wait and watch
25 bps or 50 bps? RBI rate call to decide direction for Dalal Street
"AirAsia offers 2 mn cheap tickets
"All FIIs trying to create some alpha in market: Prateek Agarwal
China to open up futures market to foreign investors via free trade zones: CSRC
"Citigroup sees Sensex at 35
CK Birla group company Orient Paper & Industries launches new brand identity 'Orient Electric'
Clarity on MAT holds the key; 5% downside can't be ruled out: Mayuresh Joshi
"Consider IT stocks as a global play
"Does India's Warren Buffett
DSP Blackrock MF senior fund manager to manage offshore funds as company shuffles management
Expect Moil cash reserves to match its mcap in 2 years:  G Chokkalingam
"Expecting policies related to growth revival from the Budget: Deven Choksey
Food Corporation of India sells 1.54 lakh tonnes of wheat via NSPOT so far
"Ford India appoints Vinay Piparsania as the new executive director
"Foreigners stay with HDFC Bank
Forward Markets Commission to hire 20 experts on contract basis to ease staff crunch
FTIL-NSEL merger dispute: Bombay High Court allows government to pass final order with riders
"GMR Infrastructure to raise Rs 4
Gold schemes by PM Modi right in time to celebrate 'Dhanteras': D K Aggarwal
"HUL likely to remain at around 680 odd levels: Tirthankar Patnaik
Income tax department lens on Rs 5 lakh crore share sales by India Inc
Infusion of additional $1 trillion to India's GDP to create new midcap leaders: Barclays
"JSPL may be spared complete de-allocation of coal blocks: Deven Choksey
London Stock Exchange to raise 938 million pounds for acquisition of Frank Russell Company
Markets may not move much in the next 8 to 10 sessions: Ashwani Gujral
Meera Sanyal to quit Royal Bank of Scotland for a full-time career in politics
Motilal Oswal expects DLF to get re-rated on policy reforms & favorable macro trends
"MTNL planning to raise around Rs 2
OVL to raise up to $1 billion via dollar issue to fund Azerbaijan buy
"Pricing will do the trick for Coal India IPO: Avinash Gorakshekar
Quick Heal may be India's first pure software co to take the IPO route
Reserve Bank of India changes in gilt auctions seen as sign of stable rates
Retail investors should assign 60% weightage to large cap stocks in their portfolio: Experts
"Rupee will hold to 62
"SEBI's new rules: What it means for investors
"Sectors that see divestment will be more attractive going forward: Anish Damania
"Stable anchor investors comfort the retail investors in IPO: Gajendra Nagpal
TCS: First quarter results to be announced today; five things to watch out for
"Thanks to SEBI
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri posts net profit of Rs 162.69 million in Q1 FY 2013
"5450-5650 will be the range for next few days: Sandeep Wagle
Air Indias insurance contract up for renewal on October 1 for an estimated $25 million
AstraZeneca planning to delist Indian subsidiary; likely to appoint Merrill Lynch as manager for delisting
"Bonds worth Rs 95
"Budget 2014 to focus on structures to achieve decent long-term performance: BP Singh
"Daimler India CV rejigs top management
"Expect announcements on the ordering side from L7T over next few months: Pankaj Pandey
Hindusthan National Glass & Industries posts net profit of Rs 7.7 crore in Q1 FY13
IBJA hires consultancy firm EY to draw blueprint for developing bullion spot exchange in India
Lessons from Inox Wind listing: Firms with smaller businesses can unlock value by separate listing
"Nasdaq OMX enters Indian market for the second time
NBFC Indostar plans to hit market with rs 1K crore public issue in June '16
"Outlook for auto stocks a mixed bag at the moment: Rajat Rajgarhia
"Sebi's move on Fast Track rights
"Stock-specific play is the way to go in coming week: Sandeep Wagle
Sun Pharma has a history of taking stress assets and turning them around: Harendra Kumar
Valuations do not warrant fresh buying in Britannia; existing investors should stay put: Mayuresh Joshi
"Bounceback in market strong; expect Nifty to trade at 7
"Evaluations indicate that the market is sensing a cut in interest rates: N Jayakumar
"Government looking to list UTI AMC
High Court  to hear fresh PIL against National Spot Exchange Limited and Jignesh Shah tomorrow
K Venkataramanan appointed new CEO and MD of Larsen & Toubro; AM Naik to remain Chairman
"Lavazza
Looking at a target price of Rs 2080 for Tech Mahindra over one-year perspective: Ajay Bodke
"Markets assuming lots of policy actions will happen; but it is unlikely: Mayuresh Joshi
"Sebi's decision to relax debt-equity conversion norms for banks positive
"State-owned IDBI Bank readies plan to raise Rs 2
"Budget 2012: STT cut
"Laila Nutraceuticals in talks with global PEs to raise $40 million
Sanjiv Goenka ropes in Law & Kenneth to create corporate identity for his share of RPG Group
"South Mumbai Zaveri bazaar may soon move to a new address
Warren Buffett once said that Gold is a way of going long on fear. Do you agree?
"A $25 fall in crude is like a $10-billion stimulus for Indian economy
"Any global risk-off scenario can lead to sharp market reaction at this time: Mahesh Patil
"Consumption space would be largely favoured with the roll out of GST : Deven Choksey
Harsh Mariwala in no hurry to pass on the baton of Marico to his children Rishabh & Rajvi
Inox Wind IPO set to unlock value for Gujarat Fluorochemicals which owns 75 per cent in the company
"Maharashtra set to brand its rice & tur
"Tremendous opportunities ahead to take leadership role in India's evolution: Umang Bedi
Government will have to do a lot more to make new investors put money in equities and not gold
"4
Road shows for SAIL FPO delayed
Amitabh Chakraborty quits Religare
IBM India sacks executives for fraud'
"Shreejit Mishra
Emcure Pharmaceuticals withdraws proposed IPO
"SUUTI to sell 9% in Axis Bank via block trades
Why it will be a tough task for Vishal Sikka to revive Infosys back to its glory
Association of Mutual Funds in India warns members to stay away from suspicious ready forward certificate of deposits
"Financial Technologies India Ltd to sell 24.89% stake in IEX
Infibeam mulls filing draft red herring prospectus by December as it gears up for its IPO next year
"Promoter sales starting to hit the market and that is a strange sign
"ETMARKETS.COM WEBINAR: How to invest in equity in challenging times? Join Amar Ambani
Niftys still holding the momentum: Nirmal Bang
Hospitals are very capital intensive: Ajay Bagga
Euro/USD looking at support between $1.3815-30
Entertainment Network India posts Rs 52.2-crore net
Cos on BSE SME platform cross 100-mark
S&P upgrade may drive FII debt flow
DLF has become extremely flat: Ashwani Gujral
Zinc futures marginally up on spot demand
Zinc futures gain 1.56 pc on global cues
Like Zee Entertainment in media space: Mehraboon Irani
World shares hover near all-time high
Wockhardt story is really intriguing: Deven Choksey
"Jim Rogers sees money in wind
Whirlpool Q3 profit doubles at Rs 21.25 crore
Wheat prices strengthens on increased offtake
Welspun-Gujarat net rises to Rs 167 cr
BT/ST call for Welspun Corp: Ashwani Gujral
VRL Logistics' IPO over-subscribed 1.1 times
Voltas surges on cooling products-led beat in earnings
V-Guard looks promising: Nimbus Wealth Management
V-Guard shares gain 2.4% on Q1 results
Vakrangee bags order from Union Bank; stock up
US stock futures edge higher before jobs data
United Spirits could have the best risk-reward ratio
United Bank raises $350 million under MTN programme
UK FTSE lifted by mining stocks and AstraZeneca
Bullish on tyres: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Torrent Power gains on hopes of cheap gas
Tokyo stocks close 0.93% higher
"Angel starts TIL with 'buy'
"Thomas Cook
Street's optimistic on Texmaco growth prospects
Texmaco could give favourable returns: Deepak Mohoni
Tech stocks are going to benefit: Ashwani Gujral
Buying Tech Mahindra a safe bet: Dipan Mehta
TCS overtakes RIL as India's most valued firm
900-950 ideal for entering TCS: Technical Trends
TCS attains Rs 5 lakh crore market-capitalisation
"TCS signals slowdown; brokerages remain unfazed
Tax-free bonds regain demand in the secondary market
Tata Steel Q4 show beats estimates
Brokers' Call: HSBC upgrades Tata Power
Syngenta surges as European shares edge higher
Symphony shares surge 5% on strong quarterly results
Suzuki shares soar on production shift report
Suryalata Spinning net revenue up 34 per cent
Sun Pharmas stocks surge after merger with Taro
Sugar manufacturers gain on hopes of easing curbs
Sudal Industries forms subsidiary in UAE;stock up
Subex rises on order win from Idea Cellular
STFC raises 583 cr via QIP issue
Sterlite Technologies jumps 8% after Modi tweet
Sterlite Industries has upside potential: Deepak Mohoni
Sterling climbs against Euro on diverging policy outlooks
Aviation stock returns rise post Spicejet deal
Maran makes open offer for SpiceJet
Spicejet extends monsoon offer; stock gains
"SpiceJet is a buy: CK Narayan
"Spicejet surges over 10%
SpiceJet: Regional focus can help airline soar further
Specialised NBFCs will benefit: Dipan Mehta
Spanco surges 13 in morning trade on bourses
Soymeal sales seen higher in January: Traders
Soyabean futures advance on global cues
South-based cement companies maintain growth
Snowman Logistics gives 100% returns in six sessions
"Snowmans IPO gets overwhelming response
SMX records turnover of over $ 100 billion
Mutual Funds bet big on small companies
SKS Microfinance gains on securitization deal
Brokerspicks: Nomura reiterates Buy on Sintex Industries
Sintex looks good: Hemen Kapadia
Extremely positive on Sintex: Dipan Mehta
Sintex bracing for better nos in March quarter
Siemens shares gain after strong earnings
"Cost cuts
Shreyas Shipping's stock zooms 10-fold on turnaround
CLSA maintains 'Buy' on Shree Cement
Shoppers Stop can see some correction: Ashwani Gujral
Shasun Pharmaceuticals reports 50% jump in Q3 profit
"Shanghai
Shanghai stocks reverse losses to close in green
Sesa Sterlite shares see marginal gain
Short-covering helps Sensex recover from losses
Tech-bank partnership helps Sensex score 87
"Another day
Bernanke comments push Sensex by over 350 points
"Sensex ends near five-week high
Selan Oil Exploration shares rally on buy-back plans
Scooters India rally on disinvestment reports
Fitch affirms investment grade to SBI
SBI raises $100 million from 5-year offshore bonds
Satyam merger boosts Tech Mahindras balance sheet
Saria prices edge up on scattered demand
Samvat 2071 gets off to a sparkling start
Sabero's growth prospects appear attractive
"Focus turns to US outlook
"Focus turns to US outlook
Russian stocks rally ahead of EU sanctions review
Rupee strengthens by 17 paise against dollar
Improved macros to save Rupee from Greece lightning
Rupee hits 11-month high; RBI intervention in focus
Rupee hits 3-week high on debt-related dollar inflows
Rupee rebounds from near 5-month low; RBI aids
Rupee recovers 7 paise against the US dollar
Steep appreciation in rupee to lower oil subsidies
RINL gets Sebi nod for IPO
RILs Q1 show triggers bullish bets
Rice procurement crosses 20o lakh tonne
Religare Finvest NCD issue oversubscribed 1.31 times
Recent buyouts to drive Religare's growth ahead
Refined palmolein regains on renewed demand
REC excellent long term uptrend: Deepak Mohoni
Very bullish on RComm: Devang Visaria
Raymond surges over 8 pc on land-sale buzz
Rate-sensitive stocks gain as retail inflation eases
Rashtriya Chemicals gains over 4% on expansion plan
Ramsarup Industries surges on stake sale reports
Ramky Infrastructure rallies on debt restructuring plans
Ramco Systems climbs over 14% on order win
Rallis India Q1 net profit up 14%
Rajesh Exports surges 16% on UAE export order
Railways linked stocks gain ahead of budget
Railways earnings up by over 9 per cent
Jhunjhunwala's Rare Enterprises buys Rs 11.50-crore Radico shares
Puravankara Projects Q4 net jumps 71 per cent
Late rains in Rajasthan improves pulses acreage
Premier Explosives surges on licence for defense products
Precious metals shine as EMs lose lustre
"Power sector to be attractive for investors
Polaris Financial zooms 17% on board demerger approval
Pistachio up on fresh buying
Pipavav doing very well: Devang Visaria
Government of Singapore hikes stake in Phoenix Mills
Phillips Carbon gains on overseas buy-out reports
Quite positive on the pharma space: Hemindra Hazari
Pharma is in pretty good shape: Deepak Mohoni
PFC FPO oversubscribed 4.32 times on final day
Persistent System's three-way strategy likely to improve profitability
Pepper futures gain 0.57% as demand picks up
Parsvnath Developers rallies 5% on fund raising plans
Palmolein oil edges up on retailers demand
ONGC: Subsidy burden takes a toll; stock up
Target of 1200-1255 possible for ONGC: Rohit Shinde
June Oilmeal exports up 20% m/m: Trade body
Take oil-ONGC mix in your portfolio: Rajesh Jain
Oil&Gas sector gains on fuel price hike hopes
State-run oil retailers gain on weak crude prices
"OPEC Secretary-General sees ""improvement"" in oil market"
Oil India raises $1000 million in two tranches
Driving season boosts oil
Noida Toll Bridge stocks gain on value buying
Nitin Fire surges on acquisition plan in Europe
Nirma a buy in 220-230 range: Devang Visaria
Nirma shares jump 18 pc after delisting move
Nilkamal's stock price rises 7 pc
Nikkei rises as yen plumbs 6-year lows
Huge activity in Nifty December series surprises market
"Nifty ends at all-time high after hitting 6
Industrial demand pushes up nickel futures
Nickel recovers on global cues
"NBCC bags Rs 231-crore order
Narayana Hrudayalaya IPO oversubscribed 8.41 times
"Nalco issues bonus shares
NALCO can offer a good upside: Avinnash Gorakssakar
"Nalco net jumps 31% to Rs 1
Muthoot Capital net profit rises 15% for Q2
Munjal Auto seems a safe bet: KR Choksey
Mundra Port a good buying opportunity: Deepak Mohoni
MRPL surges on Colombian crude buy plan
"MRPL: Outlook positive due to better margins
MRF clocks record profit in Q1
MRF poised to perform well: Dipan Mehta
Extremely bullish on MNC pharma space: Angel Broking
MMTC climbs as board approves ICEX stake sale
"Stay invested
MindTree rallies on SAP contract
Mid-cap stocks attract fund managers this season
Metals and realty can lead next rally'
Metal cos are having good volume growth'
Menthol rises on buying support
Menthol rises on fresh buying support
Strong spot demand lifts mentha oil futures 1.15%
Medium sugar recovers on fresh demand
MBL Infrastructures surges 18% on listing
Mastek shares surge 9.5% ahead of buyback proposal
See 15-20% upside in Maruti: Hemang Jani
Short-covering ahead of Q3 results lifts Maruti
Risks factored in; markets to remain upwardly-bound
Further upside expected from the markets: Deven Choksey
Macros suddenly turning supportive for markets: Ajay Bodke
"Markets hit all-time high levels
Markets to remain in an uptrend: Mitesh Thacker
Call writers mowed down by market move up
Top nine trading strategies in a rising market
Manappuram up on dividend payout
Maize futures up on speculative activity
"HSBC upgrades Mahindra and Mahindra
Sharekhan upgrades Mahindra & Mahindra to buy
Macquarie puts 'outperform' on Mahindra & Mahindra
Talk of $2-bn defence deal lifts M&M stock
Long-term bonds appear to be the magic wand
Large-caps better than mid-caps IT cos: Prateek Agarwal
L&T will continue to perform: Deepak Shenoy
KSB Pumps to issue bonus shares; stock surges
Koutons Retail set for better days
"Treasury income
Apparel maker Kitex soars to all-time high
Kirloskar Oil to sell bearings operations; stocks up
Kirloskar Electric surges 17% on block deal
Kingfisher Airlines flies 20% higher on short unwinding
Kinetic Engineering hits upper circuit limit; jumps 5%
Khazanah submits offer to acquire control of Parkway
Kewal's surplus cash leaves scope for expansion
KEC International rallies on strong Q4 results
Kalyani Forge shares rally 5%
Jyoti Structures zooms 10% on order win
Just Dial gains after Macquarie starts with 'outperform'
JSW Steel raises $500 million though forex bonds
JSPL buys back shares worth Rs 500 crore
JHS Svendgaard Labs sales up 144.28%
"Tremendous value in Jet Airways
Jeera futures trade higher on spot demand
Jeera futures edge higher 3.20% on export demand
IVRCL buy a profit venture for Essel Group
Right time to get into ITC: Ashwani Gujral
Positive on IT stocks: Deven Choksey
Analysts see upside in reasonably valued IT stocks
Right time to buy IT stocks: Ashwani Gujral
Maintain overweight stance on IT sector: Gautam Chhaochharia
Positively biased towards Ispat: CK Narayan
Insecticides India Q1 net up 29 per cent
"Trade long on infrastructure stocks: Devang Visaria
Infosys reclaims status of top Sensex stock
Infosys settles higher ahead of Q3 results
Infosys: Will it surprise markets once again?
"Infosys beats expectations
IndusInd Bank Q1 net jumps 26%
Ind-Swift gets PMDA approval from Japan;stk up
Indraprastha Gas surges as SC rejects PNGRB's plea
Indosolar net profit at Rs 46 lakh;stk surges
Foreign investors changing strategies to favour India-oriented companies
India Incs RoE may improve this fiscal
India shines brightest among emerging markets
IGL Q3 profit rises to Rs 89.46 crore
IGate net up 54% to $17.9 Million
IFC raises $250 million 'masala' bonds
IDFC should head towards 75-76 levels: Ashwani Gujral
HUL puts south Mumbai building on block;stk up
"Enter HPCL on dips: Vinith Jain
HPCL to gain most from diesel deregulation: Jefferies
HOEC is on an uptrend: Deepak Mohoni
HMT surges 9% on reports of land sale
HMT surges on hopes government may delay shut-down
Hindalco: Buoyancy in aluminium will boost realisations
"Hind Sanitaryware not so fragile now
PE entry to help Himadri fund expansion
Hexaware Technologies bags $25 mn deal; stock rises
"Hero MotoCorp forms subsidiary in Columbia
Heidelberg Cement: a good long-term buy
Heidelberg is an interesting stock: Deepak Mohoni
HDIL boosting the realty sector
HDIL can move even higher: Rajat Bose
HDFC third quarter net rises 12%
HCC shares zoom 7% on positive Q4 numbers
Postive on Havells India: Mitesh Thacker
Guarseed futures recovers on short-covering
GSFC may breach all-time high levels: Ventura
GSFC signaled breakout above Rs 318:IIFL
GSFC surges on strong Q2 earnings
Growth-linked currencies at multi-week highs on risk rally
"Groundnut oil soars 35%
Groundnut oil prices gain on renewed demand
Groundnut oil prices rise on fresh demand
Four wheelers propel growth for Greaves Cotton
Greaves Cotton set to flourish with improving margins
"Gram
Goodyear net profit soars 91% in Jan-Mar
Goldin stocks rise after Hong Kong collapse
Gold rises 0.36% on global cues
"Post-correction
Traders build bullish bets on gold
Appetite for jewellery boosts India gold demand: WGC
Festive season likely to keep gold demand strong
Flight to safety keeps gold near one-month high
Gold jumps 1.5 pct overnight after airliner downed
"Glenmark Pharma hits 52-week high
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer hits 52-week high on expansion plans
Delisting buzz fuels Gillette stock surge
Punters make a killing in Geometric
Genpact Q1 net up 28% at $36 million
Acquisitions double GCPL's topline
GCPL an 'undervalued' stock; outlook positive: Prakash Diwan
Gateway Distriparks gains over 4.5%; earnings beat estimates
Gammon Infrastructure Projects rallies 10% on sale reports
Gammon Infra jumps; ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund buys
GAIL to benefit most from RasGas price tweak
Fuel price hike good for market: Deven Choksey
Firmer FTSE outperforms weaker European rivals
London stocks index FTSE 100 hits record highs
Rajesh Subramaniam helped Firstsource execute a perfect turnaround
Finolex Cables hits record high on earnings
Financial Technologies rises 2.83% on FCCB redemption
Indices on firm footing; financial stocks in focus
Friendly buying' lifts FCS Soft on acquisition buzz
Facebook rally has analysts gasping for breath
Export-oriented cos to outdo domestic cyclicals: Hemindra Hazari
Eveready outsmarts market indices
Steady growth signs lift European stocks and bonds
Stabilising oil lifts European shares and bond yields
"European shares steady
Shire props up European shares on bid hopes
Euronext posts strongest September since 2008
Euronext: H1 listings activity rises 8.7%
"Euro
Highest yields on German short-term bonds boost euro
Equities are the real gold over long term
Emerging-market assets get respite as dollar pulls back
Emami: Delayed monsoon to benefit the company
Emami shares up nearly 5% post Q1 results
Electrosteel Steel soars 13% as lenders approve SDR
Educomp is a buy: Deepak Mohoni
Pick Educomp only for short term: Deepak Mohoni
Education companies rally upto 24% on cheap valuations
"Edible oils recover on millers buying
"Edible oils up on millers buying
Dr Lal PathLabs IPO oversubscribed
"Lacklustre factory data hits world stocks
DLF gains momentum as Q2 PAT grows 9%
Dishman Pharma rallies 3% on debt reduction plans
Digitisation will benefit Dish TV: Mayuresh Joshi
Direct Line outperforms as UK's FTSE gains ground
Dewan Housing shares surge 10% after earnings
Dewan Housing a good portfolio pick: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Deutsche Bank shares leap 8% after co-CEOs quit
Defence-related stocks rally on Indo-US nuclear deal
Deepak Fertilisers bets on chemicals to deliver growth
"Deccan Chronicle
Germany's DAX outperforms European shares after strong data
Germany's DAX latest market to strike record high
Dalmia Bharat up on deal talks
Dabur has been looking strong: Ashwani Gujral
Dabur plans three new plants overseas; stock up
CVS Caremark Q2 profit climbs 11 per cent
CSE index gains 93 points
Crude oil futures up on global cues
Crude oil futures up on overseas cues
Bets on crude surge ahead of OPEC meet
Heres how to double your money on crude
CPSE ETF debuts; surges over 11 pc
Players can borrow against corporate bonds
Corp Bank clocks 20% rise in Q2 net
Consumer stocks to ride GDP wave
Consumer goods makers gain as investors shun risk
Consumer goods stocks gain; falling inflation helps
Colgate-Palmolive gains; UBS upgrades to 'buy'
Coffee Day gains; Citi starts at 'buy'
Coastal Projects gets Rs 250-cr PE funding
Overweight rating on Coal India: Morgan Stanley
CNX IT going through a correction: Ashwani Gujral
Cipla posts 52% profit growth in June quarter
Cimmco surges 10%; here's what the management says
CIL net profit rises 7.85% in Q1
"China yuan rises to 2-week high
Rising demand lifts chana futures by 1.61%
Spot demand lifts chana futures by 1.20%
"Like Chambal fertilisers: Ambareesh Baliga
Century Plyboards reports higher net profit and revenue
Caustic soda prices rise on industrial demand
Castorseed futures up on short-covering
Cashew prices rise on fresh buying
Strong demand lifts cardamom futures by 1.48%
Capgemini raises 2015 revenue outlook on Igate acquisition
"Bullion dominates futures market
BSE midcap index hits all-time high
"Britannia Industries is a buy: Amit Harchekar
Brent oil bounces higher after 3-day losing run
Brent holds above $109 on Ukraine tensions
Brent climbs above $108 on renewed Ukraine tensions
Bond yields inch higher; auction in focus
Bond yields inch lower to 7.96%; seen range-bound
"BoB profit rises 61% to Rs 1
Biocon a good buy above 407: Rohit Shinde
"BHEL is a buy: Hemang Jani
LIC buys 5.94% stake in BHEL
Zain success holds key to Bharti's future growth
Bharti Airtel surges 5% on Deutsche Bank upgrade
Bharat' linked stocks can become multibaggers: Experts
Bata India Q4 net soars 35.39%; stock up
Restructuring helps Bata India stay a step ahead
Base metals rise on global cues
Base metal prices will go up: Seshadri Bharathan
Expecting Bank Nifty to touch 11900-12000: Ashwani Gujral
Broker's Call: Goldman puts Bajaj Finance on buy
Take long trades over Axis Bank: Mitesh Thacker
Auto majors will continue to outperform: Ashit Suri
Auto component companies to get re-rated: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Atul Auto posts 11% growth in FY15
AstraZeneca Pharma surges on strong Q4 results
Asian shares prove resilient to euro jitters
Jefferies expects upside potential for Ashok Leyland
Exports and non-truck business to drive Ashok Leyland
"Strong demand lifts Arhar
Archies ties up with UNICEF; stock gains
Analyst says Apple will hit $1tn m-cap
Capacity addition to help APL Apollo
Amrutanjan Healthcare Q3 net grows over 2-fold
American firms dominate global equity space
Ambuja Cements a good bet: Deepak Mohoni
Aluminium futures marginally up on global trends
Alok Industries looking strong: Deepak Mohoni
Allahabad Bank Q2 net climbs 21%
Advanta gains 11% on merger with UPL
Adlabs Entertainment rallies on market debut
Adani Enterprises jumps on April-June earnings
Aban Offshore jumps 5.7% after Macquarie upgrade
Old Fox seen taking interest in AB Nuvo
10-year bond yield falls; debt buyback talk increases
10-year bond yields lower as long-term investors buy
Greater yuan volatility a boon for China
Soyabean futures up by Rs 35 per quintal
RPP Infra Projects gets Sebi' nod for IPO
Parabolic Drugs IPO fully subscribed
Oil prices rebound in Asia
NCMSL raises $18.5 million in equity funding
Industrial oils edge up on thin trade
Cottonseed futures gains on increase buying
Catch-up game: BSE mid-cap index trails bigger peers
Barley futures spurt on fresh buying
"Videocon d2h lists on Nasdaq
"Tinplate is certainly a hold: Deepak Mohoni
Thejo Engineering IPO over-subscribed 1.53 times
Tea prices stay firm on robust demand
Sterling treads water just off six-year high
Sebi now holding individuals accountable for irregularities'
Oil rebounds in Asia on bargain hunting
Business cycle in recovery mode: Nomura
Nifty might breakout above 8300: Mitesh Thacker
"F&O tracker: Traders see Nifty in 8
Hold on to IT stocks: Deven Choksey
Nine banks keen on Hind Copper FPO mandate
Recommend hold for HDFC Bank: Gaurang Shah
Worst may be Over for FTIL and MCX
"FDI
Colgate approves third interim dividend for current fiscal
Broader markets valuations look attractive: Ambit Capital
Reforms bring investors back to equities
Manufacturing data from China boosts Russian assets
Brisk seasonal demand pushes gold to one-month high
Jewellers smile as export orders hint at revival
10%-12% upside can be possible in Wockhardt: Avinnash Gorakssakar
100 per cent growth in PAT for Tube Investments
300 nifty points led by banking sector: Jagdish Malkani
Abbott Q2 net rises 41% to Rs 64 crore
ADF Foods gains 8% after domestic HNIs buy stake
Afrin Dia buys 13.4 lakh shares of IndusInd Bank
Airbus sparks relief rally as Q1 profit beats forecasts
Amara Raja Batteries hits 52-week high on Q1 results
Ambuja Cement profit up 6.57% to Rs 520 cr
AP Paper gains as SAT dismisses International Papers appeal
"Arhar
Ashoka Buildcon preferred bidder for NHAI project; stock up
At 58 Apollo Tyres becomes a buy: Ashwani Gujral
"Aussie dollar bears emboldened by China data
Australia shares rose nearly 1 percent despite US uncertainty
Auto is the sector to be in: Prakash Diwan
Bafna Pharma surges over 8% on stake sale reports
Bajaj Auto net zooms three-fold to Rs 475 crore
"Bank of India raises Rs 2
Banking pack looks pretty interesting to me: Mitesh Thacker
Banking sector will benefit in coming days: Gaurav Mehta
Banks outpace flat UK FTSE after RBS bumper results
Barmer pumps up Cairn India Q3 23 per cent
Berger Paints Q2 up 33% at Rs 89 crore
"BHEL: Good show in FY13
"Bihar polls: Sebi
Birla Power Solutions to raise $100 million; stock up
Blue Star will continue to do better: Sharmila Joshi
"BoB net up 17.5% on low tax provision
Bond yields hit over 3-month high; auction outcome eyed
"Brent climbs above $58 on contract covering
Brent edges above $95 on relief over China PMI
BRIC issuers raise $374.5 billion through debt securities: Dealogic
Britain's FTSE edges up on speculation about dovish Fed
"BSE currency derivatives turnover crosses Rs 2
BSE to include Arvind Ltd in S&P BSE 200
Calculus: Jet Airways international operations to ensure stable revenues
Castrol India net profit grows 46% on lower expenses
CCL Products surges over 8% on Q3 results;strong outlook
Chilli futures gain 1.70 pc as demand picks up
"China stocks jump
"Citibank India profit grows 41.4% to Rs 2
CMC is a good midcap IT stock: Deepak Mohoni
Comfortable to buy Airtel at 320-350 levels: Sajiv Dhawan
Commexes' turnover up by 41 per cent in September
Cooling division making Voltas a hot pick: Hemindra Hazari
Corporate bonds trading spurts to 10-month high in May
Corporation Bank rises as LIC looks to infuse funds
Cost control gives Orient Cement the edge during slowdown
Credit Analysis & Research shares gain on RBI move
Crisil net rises 38 per cent in January-March quarter
Cummins rallies over 6% as management raises FY15 guidance
Current market rally led by large caps: Ashwani Gujral
DCM Shriram Q4 net profit soars by 87 pc
Den Networks surges over 8% on FII limit hike
Deutsche Bank and Diageo outperform weaker European stock markets
DHFL net profit up 52% to Rs 138.4 crore
DHFL Pramerica first half profit jumps 71 per cent
"Dollar climbs on yen
Dollar rises in Asia on Fed chief rate comments
ECB lifts European shares towards eighth straight weekly gain
Educomp Solutions gains on IndiaCan stake sale to Pearson
"EIL is a buy: Ashit Suri
"Election results: Sebi
Elections to trigger rally in media stocks: Gaurang Shah
"Electrolux Q1 profit tops forecast
Emami gains 1.4% as it enters male deodorant space
Equities to offer best returns in over 3 months
Equity markets likely to shine as Rupee's depreciation slows
Era Infra bags Rs 329 crore contract; stock surges
Era Infra Q3 net marginally up by 1.6 pc
Euro stays afloat in tentative trade amid geopolitical concerns
Europe rebounds as Ukraine rebels hand over black boxes
"Facebook revenue
Fertiliser stocks gain on hope of payments by government
"Fertilizer interesting sector from Q3: Mayank Shah
Festive seasonal buying pushes up sugar futures by 1.59%
"Few stocks may take market rally ahead
FIIs returning to Bond Street as yields turn attractive
"Financials
Five reasons why investors should subscribe to EIL OFS
Forex gains during August on hopes of ECB easing
"FPIs stay bullish on India despite China
Gayatri Projects bags Rs 545 cr project; stock up
General Atlantic Partners picks up strategic stake in CitiusTech
Get into GSK Pharma at 2050-2000 levels: Ashwani Gujral
"Gillette India promoters' OFS fully subscribed
"Global
"Gold climbs above $1
Gold firm near 3-week high on China rate cut
"Gold holds above $1
Groundnut oil prices edges up on demand from retailers
"GSPL surges
Gulshan Polyols surges 20% after Reliance fund buys 6.7%
Heard on the street: Glodyne Technoserve soars on 3k-order
Heard on the Street: Oracle Financial soars Over 11%
Heritage Foods Q1 net profit rises 76 per cent
"Hexaware Technologies rides high with big orders
Hind Copper Q2 net up 38.7% on higher sales
Hindalco Industries can easily reach 133 levels: Rajat Bose
"Hindalco
HNIs buy Honeywell Automation auto shares on delisting report
IDFC foremost player in infrastructure finance segment: Fayeza Hafizee
"IFC doubles rupee bond offering to Rs 2
"IIFL Holdings surges on open offer
Indian cashew exports to touch new high this fiscal
"Info Edge a great investment story
Infrastructure stocks will look up post elections: Harendra Kumar
Infy Q3 net profit rises 2.7% at Rs1582 crore
Initiate fresh long trades on Essar Oil: Devang Visaria
Insurance companies raise holdings in equities as markets correct
Insurance stocks surge on hopes of FDI limit hike
"InterGlobe Aviation makes decent debut
Investments will be back in sugar stocks: Anagram Capital
Investor sentiment will turn in favour of Rupee: Chidambaram
Investors can remain in quality stock like L&T: Edelweiss
Israel shekel at 3-year high on Israel-Hamas truce hopes
Its time to take banking sector funds into account
Janus Overseas Fund buys 12.3 lakh Strides Arcolab shares
Jet Airways top pick in aviation stocks: Pankaj Pandey
"Jewellers expect gold demand to grow this Dusshera
JK Cement reports 38% y-o-y growth in net profits
JNPT's October-March Net up 14% at Rs 312 crore
JSW Energy closes up a paltry 0.75% on BSE
Jyothy Labs Q3 net up by 27.9 per cent
Kaveri Seed shares up; monsoon rain sparks sowing hopes
Kitex Garments rally over 4% on strong Q2 results
Kohinoor Foods posts Rs 188 cr profit for FY-12
"Kolkata-based firms rally on Trinamool win
Kotak Bank Q2 net profit at Rs 942 crore
KV Kamath to map Infosys succession plan; stock rises
"Lakshmi Cotsyn to gain from capacity expansion
Large banks in banking space look attractive: IV Subramanium
Levels of 1000 possible for Bata India: Ashwani Gujral
Lightbridge Communications Corporation to boost Tech Mahindra's global presence
"Long-term outlook on IT space: Bullish
"Lupin: US launches
Mahindra Satyam worth a buy towards 80: Hemen Kapadia
Management commentary arrests fall in Amtek Auto; stock rallies
"Manufacturers
Mastek surges over 14% as subsidiary plans NYSE listing
Mercator Lines rises on plan to invest in Indonesia
Mercator Lines well placed above moving averages: Nirmal Bang
Metals and banking are likely to outperform: Ashwani Gujral
Mid-caps could outperm large-caps in 6-12 months: Hemang Jani
Mindtree shares hit 52-week high on strong Q1 numbers
MOIL net profit at Rs 588 cr; stock gains
Moser Baer near 3-yr high on preferential share issue
MphasiS Q3 profit rises 7%; HP still a drag
"MSCI adds Alibaba
National Buildings surges over 7% after Nomura upgrades stocks
Neuland Q2 profit increases 11.68% to Rs 3.44 cr
"Nifty resumes uptrend; ends above 6
Nifty scales above 6750; Sensex hits fresh record high
"Nikkei jumps to 7-month high on renewed ""Abenomics"" hopes"
Nintendo shares marked up 21% on smartphone gaming plan
NSE's stock option strategy pays off as volumes soar
OBC Q4 profit rises marginally to Rs 310 cr
Oil near 9-month high as Iraq battles for refinery
ONGC biggest beneficiary from diesel subsidy cut: Anish Damania
Onmobile Global jumps 57 per cent in three sessions
Oracle Financial net profit at Rs 1111 cr;stock surges
Oracle worth watching over next few days: Deepak Mohoni
Orchid Chemicals gain 5% on milestone payment from Merck
Oriental Bank of Commerce gains on Goldman Sachs upgrade
Patel Engineering plans to sell non-core assets; stock gains
Pharmaceutical giant Sun Pharma likely to take huge stride
PIL expands capacity to take advantage of growing demand
Play realty by buying housing finance companies: Anand Tandon
Polaris Financial Technology shares surge 20% on spin-off plans
Polaris Q4 net up 3.6% to Rs 45.41 crore
Pratibha Industries bag Rs 297 cr contract; stock up
Prefer UltraTech among large cap cement stocks: Avinnash Gorakshakar
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8200 levels
Prestige to raise Rs 216 cr from anchor investors
Private banks and NBFCs are good investments: Nitin Raheja
Prospects of monetary stimulus fuel a fresh gold rally
Pulses prices likely to go up around Diwali: Study
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala bullish on NCC; stock gains over 6%
Ramky Infra ties-up for Rs 1400 cr debt;stk up
Rate cut hopes make traders bullish on Bank Nifty
Rate hike hints from RBI push bond prices up
RCF Ltd Q4 net profit up 38.43 per cent
RCom gains over 3% on deal with Reliance Jio
Realty stocks continue to move up in weak market
REC shares end 2% higher after government share sale
Refined soya oil futures extend gains on rising demand
Refined soya oil futures remain up on strong demand
Relief rally in gold is round the corner: Sharekhan
Religare Enterprises raises Rs 405 cr from preferential allotment
Religare Invesco AMC raises networth to meet Sebi norm
Rice price hike to benefit KRBL significantly: Gajendra Nagpal
Right time to enter into IT stocks: Prakash Diwan
Rising consumption to drive markets: BNP Paribas Asset Management
Risk-reward is pretty positive in Bajaj Holdings: Ashwani Gujral
Rouble edges up as traders reposition after sharp falls
"Rupee gains on overseas flows
Rupee hits over 1-week high on bunched-up dollar inflows
Rupee rises 12 paise against dollar in early trade
Rupiah scales two-month high after Jokowi wins presidential election
"SBT's operating profit of increases to Rs 1
SCI soars 8 pc in early trade on BSE
Sea TV Network debuts 20 pc higher on BSE
Sebi allows Zenith Infotech to furnish rupee bank guarantee
Sector watch: Better times ahead for power T&D stocks
"Select base metals spurt on stockists offtake
Sensex@record high: How to play the market from here
Shanghai shares up more than 5% in roller-coaster day
Shankar Sharma says midcaps make good bets for now
Shire helps keep FTSE 100 afloat on bid speculation
Shriram AMC gets Sebi nod for offshore fund management
Silver futures recover 1.98 pc on global cues; short-covering
Silver futures up Rs 193 aided by global cues
Silver rises Rs 166 per kg in futures trade
Specialty chemicals give tyre maker SRF a power spin
Specialty chemicals give tyre maker SRF a power spin
Spicejet surges over 3 pc on stake sale report
Stable demand for housing loan to drive HDFC growth
State-run banks rally after RBI extends Basel III deadline
Strides Arcolab approves merger with Shasun Pharma; stock gains
Strides surges 13% as Bangalore facility gets USFDA approval
Suneeta Reddy promoted as Apollo's Joint MD; stock up
Suven Life drug candidate clears toxic tests; stock up
Suven Life Sciences Q3 net profit jumps over four-fold
Syntel Q1 Net up 25% at $ 58.1 million
Tantis may hike stake in Suzlon via rights issue
Tata Motors net trebles with strong performance by JLR
"Tax free bonds outperform equities
Tax free bonds: Rural Electrification Corporation scores another hit!
TCS among top picks in IT sector: Dipen Shah
TCS shares gain over 1 per cent post earnings
"Tea prices are likely to rally: Vijay Bhambwani
Telcos likely to post higher margins in Q4: Barclays
Titan Company hits 52-week high on Morgan Stanley upgrade
Traders can build fresh long in United Phosphorous: Religare
Trent Q4 Net up 28% at Rs 24.96 crore
"TTML looks good in telecom space: Amit Harchekar
Turn positive on Infosys post Q1 show: Gaurav Mehta
"Twitter Inc's Q2 user growth beats targets
"Uco Bank still has the momentum: Deepak Mohoni
"UltraTech
UPL Q2 net jumps 11% to Rs 185 crore
US stocks: S&P hits record; focus shifts to payrolls
Usha Martin consolidated Q1 up 17% to Rs 4cr
Utilise any correction to buy pharma stocks: Hemindra Hazari
Vakrangee surges 15% on strategic alliance with Ricoh India
"Valuation of TCS well deserved
"Valuations steep
Vodafone India logs 16.5 pc growth in first-half revenue
Volatile AstraZeneca Pharma rallies nearly 9% on de-listing plans
Wall Street ends up; financials gain with bond yields
Welspun Corp spurts over 12% on big order win
Whirlpool Q3 net up 49.13% to Rs 24.10 cr
"WNS Q1 profit beats estimates
World stocks hold at all-hit time after bumper week
World stocks hold at all-time high after bumper week
Yes Bank net profit rises 58% Rs 176.26 cr
Zee Entertainment shares soars as Q2 net profit rises
10-yr bonds hit over 4-month high; RBI chief comments aid
3i Infotech: Sale of low-margin biz to help boost profitability
"4950-5000 range should see a technical bounce: Anil Manghnani
8330 should act as immediate support for Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
Aban has the potential to go beyond 840: Sandeep Wagle
Abbott India Q1 net up 71% to Rs 51 crore
ABG Shipyard may move up in near term: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Aditya Birla Nuvo to have good going ahead: Deepak Mohoni
"Agrochemicals top space choice
Airline stocks soar as lower oil prices bring down fares
Airlines surge over 6% on new draft civil aviation policy
Akzo Nobel Q2 profit up 5.98% at Rs 35.75 crore
Alembic Pharma Q1 net up 38.65% at Rs 64.67 crore
Allahabad Bank's net profit rises 25% at Rs 158 crore
Alstom T&D's January-March profit jumps 17% to Rs 62.24 crore
Amara Raja Batteries offers a good buying opportunity for investors
Amtek Auto rallies over 8% on acquisition plans in Germany
APL Apollo Tubes hits record high; HDFC MF buys shares
ARSS Infra PAT up by 2% at Rs 26.11 cr
Asia shares gain as Greece defaults on loan with IMF
Asian Paints acquires 96.48% stake in Berger; open offer ends
AstraZeneca Dec qtr net up 28.26% at Rs 28.32 cr
"At Rs 22 lakh
"Bajaj Auto: Higher input costs offset sales gain
Bayer Crop Science will be generous to shareholders: Jagdish Malkani
Berger Paints Q3 net up 31.44% to Rs 43.85 cr
Bharat Forge Q1 net up 60% at Rs 145 crore
BofA-ML sees nearly 20% upside in Maruti Suzuki; reiterate 'buy'
BofA-ML's three positives for Indian markets; recommends 'buy' on dips
"Bond funds worldwide attract $204 billon inflows
Boost in US's macro-economic situation may trigger Wipro's revenue growth
"Brent holds above $107 on US crude draw
Britania Industries Q3 Net up 62.1% at Rs 100.56 cr
Britannia FY-11 net profit up 30.19% at Rs 134.34 crore
"Britannia sales rise 11 per cent in Q1
Brokerages up target price for Tech Mahindra post Comviva buy
bullish on IT for whole of this year: Anand Tandon
Buy Hindalco with a target of Rs 141: Prakash Gaba
"Calculus: Recovery in China
Calvin Klein deal to help Arvind rise the market ladder
Camson Biotech net profit jumps 162 pc in Q4 FY11
Ceat shares up over 4% after workers call off strike
Cement stocks are likely to go up higher: Vijay Bhambwani
Cera Sanitaryware Q3 net up 50.18% at Rs 16.16 crore
"CESC: Tariff hike to improve cash flow
Cheaper raw materials lift India Inc margins for June quarter
Chennai Petroleum Q2 profit soars 2-fold to Rs 120.34 crore
Chilli teja futures surge 3.25 per cent on strong demand
"China shares end at 7-1/2-month high; finance
China yuan rises for the 5th day despite weaker fixing
China yuan set to show biggest advance in 6 weeks
Cipla pares gains after rallying nearly 6% post Q3 results
CNX IT's gains could pull the Nifty up: Mitesh Thacker
"CNX Pharma at record high; Sun Pharma
Cocoa rises on speculation on rebuilding stocks by chocolate makers
"Colgate attractive on hopes of higher payout
Colgate declares second interim dividend of Rs 9 per share
Colgate-Palmolive Q2 net profit up 11.8% at Rs 100 cr
Commexes' turnover up 55 pc till Oct 15 this fiscal
Container Corporation Q3 Net up 5.4% at Rs 249.5 crore
"Continue to be bullish on Nifty: Kunal Saraogi
Coriander futures up 3.73 per cent on surge in demand
Corp Bank's Q2 net jumps 10-fold to Rs 160 crore
Cotton rally forces textile mills to go for small buys
Cotton rises 10% on demand for exports and local consumption
"Credit Suisse raises target prices of cement majors
Crompton Greaves Q1 net up 6.55% to Rs 64.02 crore
Crompton Greaves rallies over 4% on land parcel deal report
Crompton Greaves surges over 4% as company sells Mumbai land
Crude palm oil futures up on rise in spot demand
DCM Shriram net rises 300 pc to Rs 36 crore
"Debt-heavy companies make the most of rate surprises
"Despite early chill
Development Credit Bank's Q1 net soars to Rs 43 cr
DHFL Q1 net profit up 22% at Rs 147.15 cr
Discom loan recast to power up shares of PSU banks
"Earnings outlook strong
ECL Finance debenture issue fully subscribed; raises Rs 500 crore
Eicher Motors gains 2.4%; CLSA initates coverage with 'buy' rating
"EIH to raise over Rs 1
Emami Q3 profit rises 31 pc to Rs 150.68 crore
ENIL's charts look healthy from short-medium term perspective: Deepak Mohoni
Eros International at 10% premium; sees high of Rs 213.95
Escorts rallies over 30% in six sessions; more upside seen
Escorts seeks to revive earnings with focus on high-end products
Ethanol acts as lone bright spot amid China commodity gloom
"Euro resilient near highs
EXL Services Q1 net up 48.69 pc at $8.36 mn
Exposure of institutional investors to auto sector at four-year high
Farmers reap a tidy profit as turmeric prices shoot up
Favour private sector banks in the banking space: Deven Choksy
Festive season demand lifts crude palm oil futures by 1.10%
Festive season to bring traction for auto space: Deven Choksey
Festive time: Jewellery makers rally upto 48% ahead of Diwali
"Force Motors a multibagger in making
"Foreing money inflow a positive developlment: Hemang Jani
Forward Markets Commission unveils uniform norms for accreditation of warehouses
GAIL standalone net profit at Rs 3561 cr; stock up
Gati Ltd surges as Macquarie buys stake from open market
Gemini Communications Q4 net jumps over 3-fold to Rs 15.75cr
"Gitanjali Gems Q3 PAT Rs 101.6 cr
Godrej Industries Q2 net up 12.5% to Rs 75 cr
Godrej Industries Q4 net up 42% at Rs 108.76 cr
Gold climbs after reports of US strikes on ISIS militants
"Gold holds above $1
Gold near 3-month high on second day of fund inflows
Goldman Sachs raises 2015 oil price forecasts; cuts 2016 outlook
Goodyear India Q2 net up 13% at Rs 29 crore
Greece hopes keep euro near 3-week high vs stalling dollar
Greenply Industries Q2 Net up 39% to Rs 37.03 crore
GSK raises India unit stake to 75% via open offer
"Gulf markets edge up on positive Q4 bank results
GVK Power can go up to 14-15 levels: Vijay Bhambwani
GVK's net loss shrinks to Rs 45 crore in Q3
Havells India shares surge over 12 pc after stock split
"HDFC Bank misses estimates on provisions
Higher FPI limit to help Maruti drive into MSCI India
Hindalco shares surge over 3% as company bags maximum mines
Hindustan Media Ventures Q4 net profit up 20 per cent
Hot Stock: Brokerages expect sharp gains in Larsen & Toubro
Hotel Leela gains 4.5% on completion of Goa property sale
Housing finance companies among NBFCs should do well: Ajay Bagga
HSIL Q4 net profit up 4.56% at Rs 32.31 crore
"HUL at fresh 52-week high; stock outperforms peers
"Hyundai Motor up more than 4%
ICICI Prudential Life profit up 3-fold at Rs 808 cr
Icra hits record high as Moodys ups stake to 50%
IDBI Bank gains on plan to sell stake in CARE
"Idea kicks off No-Deal Road Show for Rs 3
"IDFC Ltds Rs 1
Indians on spending spree: Time to nibble at discretionary stocks
Indraprastha Gas gains 2% as govt defers gas price hike
Infosys' stock to really pick up post restructuring: Manish Sonthalia
Infrastructure stocks rally as FM cuts withholding tax to 5%
ING Vysya Investment sees Sensex gains from H2 of 2012
Inox Wind marks splendid debut; shares soar 35.5 per cent
Invest in Sharda Chropchem from a long-term perspective: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Invetsors
IRB better bet than ARSS in infra pack: Technical Trends
It is 'wait n watch' for Tata Steel: IDBI Capital
Jain Irrigation rallies post Q4 results; net profit up 31%
Jaiprakash Associates Q1 standalone Net shoots to Rs 334 crore
JBML Q2 net profit jump two-fold at Rs 10.30 cr
"Jet Airways: Sustained efforts promise good results ahead
Jewellers shine as RBI removes restriction on gold coin imports
JK Paper mulls pulp mill in South Asia; stock up
"JKumar Infra rallies 10% on strong net profit
JPX-Nikkei 400 futures debut amid growing return on equity interest
JSW Steel Q1 steel production up 1% at 2.86 MT
Just Dial shares rally 8 per cent on expansion buzz
Jyothy Laboratories Q3 net jumps 63.11% to Rs 27.37 crore
Kajaria Ceramics Q1 net up 50% at Rs 39 crore
Kajaria Ceramics Q4 net up 37% at Rs 42.11 cr
Kansai Nerolac Q2 net climbs 33% to Rs 97 crore
Karur Vysya Bank rallies over 2% on share sale plan
Kirloskar Brothers posts Rs 19.7 crore profit in December quarter
Kwality among cheapest plays in dairy sector:  Ashish Maheshwari
L&T Q3 net profit rises 9% at Rs 867 crore
La Opala sets record date for share sub-divison; stock rallies
Lakshmi Vilas Banks net profits rises to Rs 25.23 crore
LG Electronics shares surge on speculation of Google stake buy
Liberty Shoes Q3 net up 30.76% at Rs 3.40 crore
LIC likely to pick 5 per cent stake in BHEL
"Liquidity will remain comfortable: Dipan Mehta
Little sign of election nerves as sterling hits 2-month high
Lodestone deal much needed inorganic booster for Infosys: Prabhudas Lilladher
Maintain 'Buy' on Wipro with target of Rs 528: Sharekhan
Man Industries rallies 5% on Rs 500 crore orders win
Manappuram Finance is an interesting stock to hold: Deepak Mohoni
Manappuram Finance to buy stake in Asirvad Microfinance; stock gains
Market is getting ready for a big move: Ashwani Gujral
"Markets at new record levels on FII flows
Markets high on hope; top picks for 2014 from Sharekhan
Markets@fresh record highs: Top ten multi-bagger stocks for your portfolio
Mascot Powersys to expand nine-fold to 74 outlets; plans IPO
Max India Q1 net profit up at Rs 537 crore
MCFL Q3 net jumps over three-fold to Rs 27.95 crore
Media space looks more promising than last year: Taher Badshah
Merger hopes trigger a rally in 3 associates of SBI
"Mid-cap pharma stocks can return 20% in 2014
Mid-sized banking funds deliver returns of 50-84% over six months
Mid-sized IT firms may post moderate growth in June quarter
Mirc Electronics hits upper circuit on Videocon stake buy buzz
MM Forgings at 20% upper circuit on strong Q1 results
MMTC Q3 net rises 12.8 pc to Rs 28.10 crore
Monnet Ispat bags Utkal-C coal block; stock rallies over 13%
Monsanto India jumps on report Modi government pursuing GM crops
Morgan Stanley upgrades Axis Bank to Overweight; ups target price
Moser Baer Q3 net profit up at Rs 3.23 cr
Mphasis no more a one-trick pony; stay bullish: Amit Khurana
Multibagger idea: JM Financial sees 40% upside in Tech Mahindra
Mundra Port FY11 net up 35.82% at Rs 918.14 cr
New launches help Garware Wall Ropes cast its net wider
New RBI norms to aid higher earnings of banks:Credit Suisse
Nickel moves up in futures trade on rising spot demand
Nifty hits fresh lifetime high; top fifteen stocks in focus
"Nifty hits fresh record high; touches 6
Nikkei rises to 1 1/2-week high; financials track U.S. counterparts
Nirma settles over 7% on BSE after scaling 32-month high
Nitesh Estates post Q2 net profit of Rs 15.2 crore
Offshore Chinese yuan moves off 4-month lows as shares rise
Oil companies will be investors preferred choice soon: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Oil stocks on fire; what to expect from OPEC meet
OMCs brave market volatility;surge to 52-week high on positive outlook
"Once Axis Bank crosses 1250
ONGC has potential to double in next two years: Analysts
OnMobile expects to raise Rs 47.6 crore through open offer
"Open offer of Zuari
"Operation to steady China stocks a success
"Optimistic on South-based sugar companies: G Chokkalingam
"Optimistic on the auto space: Sanjay Sinha
Own cash rich companies from the IT space: Vijai Mantri
Pakistan stocks gain momentum as army intervenes to end crisis
"Palm oil rises to 17-month high on inventory
Pantaloon Retail net profit at Rs 20 cr; stock up
Parsvnath Dec qtr Net up 26% to Rs 31.37 cr
Patel Logistics at 20% upper circuit on tie-up with Amazon
Perfect Infraengineers becomes 32nd stock to list on NSE Emerge
Persistent Systems: Strong momentum in the software services augurs well
PFC tax free Bonds oversubscribed 12.09x on the first day
Pfizer Q2 net profit up 33% at Rs 69.59 crore
"PGCIL annual profit climbs 32 pc to Rs 2
Phoenix Mills: Improved sentiments make the stock a good buy
Polaris rallies as tech majors make beeline for controlling stake
"Post Q4 earnings
"Post-integration
Power Finance Q1 net up 42% to Rs 972 crore
PowerGrid PAT up 41.62pc at Rs 651.4 cr in July-Sep
Praj Industries rallies over 5% on Rs 235 crore order
Praj might bounce back if the market permits: Deepak Mohoni
Pre-election rally likely; Nifty may touch 6500 level: Ambareesh Baliga
Prefer Tata Motors among largecap auto stocks: P Phani Sekhar
Pre-market: Nifty likely to bounce back on positive global cues
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher on US Federal Reserve outlook
Prime Focus Tech raises Rs 45 crore to fund expansion
Provogue's net rises 24.7% to Rs 26 cr in FY10-11
PSBs a good bet from a 2-3-year perspective: Angel Broking
"Punj Lloyd is a buy: Rohit Shinde
Punj Lloyd rallies on reports of Medanta Medicity stake sale
R Systems share jump post 26% acquisition offer from investor
Radico Khaitan Q2 net up 94.02% to Rs 18.84 crore
Rail-linked stocks surge up to 20% on Narendra Modi effect
Rajesh Exports net surges over-two fold to Rs 237 crore
"Rajesh Exports surges 6%
Ranbaxy could be the next big trigger for Sun Pharmaceutical
Ranbaxy may move up to 435 to 437: Rajat Bose
"REC board approves raising Rs 3
"Recommend Adani and Tata Power: Mehraboon Irani
Recommend looking at telecom stocks from long-term view: Anand Tandon
Refined soya oil futures gain 0.34% as demand picks up
Refinery stocks becoming hot-picks due to improving gross refining margins
Remain bullish on housing real estate companies : Deven Choksey
"Robust loan growth
RSWM Dec qtr net up four-fold to Rs 39.89 cr
Rupee hits day high of 60.45 against the US dollar
Rupee near 10-month high on WPI; RBI seen stepping in
"Rupee opens with a bang
Rupee rises most among EM currencies since August 2013 low
Samsung Electronics jumps over 4 per cent on restructuring speculation
Samvat survey: D-Street sees Sensex at 33k by next Diwali
SE Investments net profit up two-fold at Rs 61 crore
"Sebi orders to defreeze bank
"Second rung banks may give 10%-12% return: Hemang Jani
Sector rotation will ensure the Nifty remains up: Ashwani Gujral
Seeing decent growth in auto stocks ahead: Networth Stock Broking
Sensex @ life high; outshines global peers post QE era
"Sensex conquers 27
Shangai stock index hits 8-month high despite worries over economy
Shriram Transport Finance net up 7% to Rs 366 cr
Sintex Q3 net profit jumps 91.27% to Rs 162.03 crore
SJVN Q2 standalone Net rises 7.4% to Rs 415.63 crore
SJVNL Q3 net profit rises 10% to Rs 210.93 crore
SKF profit increases 50.32% to Rs 48.39 crore in Oct-Dec
Smallcap capital goods stocks finding favour with investors: Harendra Kumar
SMS Pharma surges 11% on USFDA nod for Andhra plant
Sobha Q2 net profit up 13% at Rs 56.6 cr
"Softer rupee
Somany Ceramics Q1 profit jumps 10.43% to Rs 5.82 crore
Sparsh BPO to delist from BSE; shares soars 10 pc
Stable market to arrest slide of banking stocks: Deven Choksey
"Standard Chartered axes 15
Steady track record to drive profit numbers for Shriram Transport
Strides Arcolab shares gain 9% on merger with Shasun Pharma
Strong German retail sales keep European shares near 7-year highs
Suggest to buy TVS in the auto sector: Nitin Raheja
Sundram Fasteners net zooms to Rs 21 cr in Q3
Suven Life Sciences could be a dark horse: Devang Mehta
Tech Mahindra gains on buyout buzz of Hutch's India BPO
Texmaco Rail on fast track as wagon demand picks up
Textile companies' good run likely to last for another year
The markets fall is only a much-needed correction: Ashwani Gujral
"Tight supply lifts mentha oil futures
Torrent Pharmaceuticals Q2 net zooms three-fold to Rs 568 crore
Tree Line Asia Master Fund buys 4.6 lakh PVR shares
Tube Investments climbs 11% on stake sale in insurance JV
Tube Investments set for upgrade after insurance JV stake sale
TVS Motor ends 4% higher as Q4 results meet estimates
TVS Motors surges 6% as October sales jump 14% YoY
Unitech to sell non-core lands to cut debt; stock up
UP-based sugar firms gain on SP win in state polls
UP-based sugar stocks rally upto 11% despite concerns over shutdown
"Uptrend still on in Indiabulls Finance: Kunal Saraogi
US-based retirement fund buys 64.64 lakh shares of Dish TV
Use fall in HCL Tech to buy it: Gajendra Nagpal
"UTI truly independent
Utilise each opportunity to buy into IT companies: Arindam Ghosh
UTV Software gains as CCEA clears buyout by Walt Disney
Videocon Industries jumps over 10 per cent on fund-raising plan
Vishal Retail climbs 5 pc on MoU approval with TPG
Vishal Retail up 2 per cent on deal with TPG
"V-Mart attractive bet in retail space: Vinay Khattar
Volatile markets end higher; Sensex closes higher by 185 points
"VST Industries: Analysts remain bullish
Westlife raises Rs 180 cr via preferential issue of shares
"Westpac Banking Corp eyes China
Whirlpool Q2 net rises over two-fold to Rs 40.72 crore
"Wipro gets BSE
XL Energy bags Rs 130 mn solar power contract;stk up
YES Bank Q1 profit up 9.6% at Rs 439.5 crore
Yuan rises slightly as lacklustre trade data offsets strong midpoint
4930 would be the level to watch out for: BNP Paribas
5270-5250 is the most preferred buying level for Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
5850-5860 should be a good support level for Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
85 should be a good target for LT foods: Devang Visaria
A soaring dollar could set off a currency war with China
ABB India net profit rises 33% as order execution picks up
Abbott India Q2 net profit up 73% at Rs 30 crore
Ajanta Pharma Q3 net profit rises 38% to Rs 85 crore
Alembic may give good return over next 2-3 years: Shahina Mukadam
Alembic Pharma Q4 net profit rises 14.74% to Rs 70.33 crore
Alstom India shares surge 12% as parent firm weighs GE offer
Amara Raja Batteries net profit at Rs 41 cr; stock up
Amara Raja Batteries Q2 net up 23% at Rs 123 crore
Amara Raja Batteries Q3 net up 17.6% at Rs 95.01 crore
Amrutanjan Healthcare Q4 net up 89 pc to Rs 5.59 cr
Anant Raj Group to exit hospitality biz; stock up nearly 6%
APL Apollo Q3 net up 54 pc to Rs 13.01 cr
Apollo Tyres December quarter net soars 87% to Rs 338 crore
Arvind Ltd Q2 up 3.56 per cent to Rs 93.26 crore
Ashwani Gujral's top picks: Good time to look at beaten-down mid-caps
Asia seen buying more Black Sea wheat as rain boosts yields
"Asian shares hit 1-year high on Wall St rally
Axis Bank Q1 Net rises 18 per cent in first quarter
Bafna Pharma Q2 net up 4 pc to Rs 1.28 cr
Bajaj Finance continues to remain large part of portfolio: Prashasta Seth
"Bajaj Holdings has corrected quite a bit: Ashwani Gujral
Balrampur Chini net losses narrows to Rs 63.90 crore in Q2
"Bank of Baroda Q4 Net rises 12% to Rs 1
Berger Paints Q4 Net profit up 4.95% at Rs 58.08 crore
"Bharat Forge looks rich in valuations
"Bhushan Steel could be a bigger reward giver: Deepak Mohoni
Biocon Q2 net profit up 20 pc at Rs 89 cr
Birla Corp looks attractive as Lafarge deal expected to boost presence
Blue Dart rallies post Q1 results; net profit up 33% YoY
Blue Star climbs 6% as CCI approves merger with group companies
"BOC India poised for Rs 50-60 upmove: Bharat Gala
BofA Merrill Lynch retains buy on Cairn India post CEO exit
Bosch Q1 net up 26 per cent at Rs 326 crore
Bosch Q3 Net up 30 per cent at Rs 306.36 crore
"Brand value in Deccan Chronicle still intact: mbareesh Baliga
"BS Transcomm debuts
Buy Coal India with a target of Rs 397: Mitesh Thacker
Buy Zee Entertainment with a target of Rs 295: Ashwani Gujral
Buying conviction will come at 4525-4540 levels on Nifty: Vijay Bhambwani
"Calculus: Refining margins
Calcutta High Court extends status quo on sale of HPL shares
Cement companies to benefit from peak construction season & strong demand
CESC Q2 standalone net profit jumps 25.7% to Rs 171 cr
Chana price rises by 0.38 per cent as demand picks up
"Chennai Petro extends rally post Q1 results
Chennai Petro surges over 35% in two day on high volumes
China shares in April post biggest monthly rise for the year
"CIL IPO to give a 14-15% profit CAGR: Gopal Ritolia
CNX IT may today break above the 200-day average: Mitesh Thacker
Cognizant beats every estimate driven by revival of US outsourcing services
Commexes turnover jumps by 53 pc in 1st fortnight of April
Commexes turnover jumps by 54% till Mar 15 of this fiscal
Commodity market can create additional 5 mn jobs in 5 years'
Competition Commission of India rules out allegations against Janta Land Promoters
"Consumer cos will see more consistent growth: David Pezarkar
"Continue to hold ITC: Prashastha Seth
Corporation Bank net profit rises by 21 per cent in Q2
Cox & Kings Q2 Net up 78.69% at Rs 264 crore
Crisil shares hit 52-week high as net profits rises by 38.5%
"Cyclicals will lead the next phase of rally: Ashwani Gujral
Danone deal expected to act as a trigger for 'troubled' Wockhardt
"Defence stocks rallied on positive Budget sentiments: Parag Thakkar
"Dena Bank outperforms its peers
Dhanuka Agritech Q4 Net up 26 pc at Rs 22.46 crore
DHFL profit rises 18% at Rs 152 crore in July-Sept quarter
Dovish US Federal hands euro best weekly gains in 18 months
"Dow
"Drug major Ranbaxy beats expectations
Edelweiss Financial Services Q2 net up 21% at Rs 96 crore
EdServ Q3 net up over two fold to Rs 11.54 cr
Eicher's profit jumps 63 pc to Rs 107 cr in July-September
Escorts been trading up pretty well around Rs 80: CK Narayan
Essar Ports gets shareholders' nod to raise up to $1 billion
"Expect pharma splendid performance to continue: Dhiraj Sachdev
Expected 30% bottom line growth makes Greaves Cotton attractive: Pankaj Pandey
Fetise.com raises $5 mn from SeedFund on ET NOWs Super Angels
FII exit will not hurt Nifty as retail investors take charge
Finolex on a roll after renewing its focus on pipe business
Firstsource Solutions Q3 net up 5 pc to Rs 35 crore
FMCGs to take big hit from possible FII outflow: UR Bhat
Food Corporation of India successfully uses NCDEX spot e-auction trading platform
"Foreign institutional investors pump in Rs 4
Gammon Infrastructure surges by 10.79% on bourses on rights issue plans
Geojit BNP Paribas Q3 PAT up 21% at Rs 15.75 crore
Gillette India Q3 net up 15 pc at Rs 27 cr
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Q2 net up 29% to Rs 106 crore
GlaxoSmithKline FY10 net profit up 10.37 pc to Rs 560.57 cr
Glencore shares surge in Hong Kong on agriculture asset sale hopes
"Godawari Power & Ispat: Pellet sales
Gold climbs to two-month high on Iraq to US economy outlook
Gold rises nearly 1 per cent after US Federal Reserve minutes
"Gold snaps 4-day falling trend on low level buying
Goodbye FY14! Sensex up 19%; big stocks that returned upto 75%
Goodyear India FY10 net up 2.35 pc to Rs 74.81 cr
"Government
Grasim is looking good in current market: Emkay Global Financial Services
Greenply Industries Q1 net profit up 15% at Rs 26.70 crore
"GSFC rallies 40% in two days; more steam left
GSFC's net up over 2-folds to Rs 207 cr in Q2
GSK Consumer Healthcare Q2 Net up 9% at Rs 160.29 crore
"Gujarat Apollo locked in upper circuit on delisting buzz
Gujarat Pipavav Port Net doubles to Rs 89.5 crore in July-September
Gujarat State Petronet net profit at Rs 159.13 cr; stock up
"High on Modi
Highway developers party on dull Dalal Street; stocks have more upside
HOV Services jumps over 11% on merger transaction of US unit
HSIL Q3 turnaround in building products division may trigger a re-rating
HUL posts marginal rise in Q3 profit at Rs 649 crore
"HUL's gains post open offer
IDFC rallies 5% on RBI's infra lending norms; CLSA maintains 'buy'
IDFs can extend schemes' tenure by up to 2 years: Sebi
IFCI Q3 net profit up 30 pc at Rs 136.35 cr
IIFCL FY11 net rises by 61 pc to Rs 262.28 cr
"Improved margins
"Indices giving positive signals
Insecticides India Q1 net profit up 14% at Rs 19.8 cr
"Interim Budget impact: Markets get a boost
Investors should opt for higher exposure to PSU banks: Kunj Bansal
Ipca Laboratories FY-11 net profit up 28% to Rs 262.82 crore
IT to find support around 9750-9800 on CNX IT: Ashwani Gujral
"IVRCL rallies 5% as CDR approves Rs 7
J&K Bank surges 12% as 1:10 stock split comes into effect
"Jack Palmer case mildly positive for Infosys
JBM Auto Q2 net profit up 18% to Rs 18 crore
Jyothy Lab Q2 net up 54% at over Rs 38 crore
Jyothy Labs registers 89.9% jump in net profit in Q2 FY15
Jyoti Structures rallies over 13% on order win for transmission lines
Larsen & Toubro 4Q profit rises 69 per cent; beats estimates
"Looking at target of 545-550 on Mahindra Holidays: Ambareesh Baliga
Looking forward to a target of 700 for ENIL: Ashwani Gujral
"Low oil price
Lupin Q3 jumps nearly 41 per cent to Rs 483.74 crore
Mafatlal Industries Q1 net up three fold at Rs 13.05 cr
Manappuram Finance Ltd. records 46% rise in net profit in Q1
"Market will be buoyant
"Markets make merry on Narendra Modi magic; Sensex tops 25
"Max India rallies 11%
Mentha oil futures edge higher by 0.22% as demand picks up
"Midcaps important part of our portfolio: Kunj Bansal
Mindtree reports net profit of 4.9 per cent for September quarter
MIT buys Shriram City Union Finance shares worth Rs 59 crore
MMTC Q1 net profit up 86 pc at Rs 12 cr
MOIL: Price hike helps company post growth in sales during Q1
Moil's net rises 26 pc to Rs 588 cr in FY'10-11
Momentum upbeat; expect Nifty to hit new highs soon: Ashwani Gujral
Motherson Sumi Q1 Net rises over two-fold to Rs 163.73 crore
"MTNL on a roll
Multi Commodity Exchange bidders want Financial Technologies to share vital information
"Mundra Port looking very attractive: Deven Choksey
Mutual fund exposure to software stocks hits all-time high in August
Nagarjuna Fertilizer' Dec qrt net up two-fold at Rs 33.37 cr
Neotel sale will give a boost to Tata Communications: Dipan Mehta
"Network18 gets shareholder nod to raise up to Rs 1
NFL back in profit; posts Rs 23.02 crore net for Q3
NFL share sale fully subscribed; govt to get Rs 101 cr
NIIT Technologies Q1 net profit up 35.5% at Rs 58.5 crore
Nikkei rises after Wall Street gains; market awaits US jobs data
Novartis India Q1 net profit up 3% at Rs 14.31 crore
Novartis India Q2 net rises over 600% to Rs 104 crore
"NTPC among 9 cos set to lose coal blocks
Oberoi Realty Q4 net up 30 pc at Rs 136.66 cr
"Offshore Chinese yuan rises as Hong Kong
OIL net rises 30 pc in Q4 to Rs 562 cr
"Oil
OMC should be a part of an investors portfolio: Mehraboon Irani
"Once above Rs 5130
Opportunities still ripe for traders in the power space: Harendra Kumar
Orchid Chemicals rallies over 8% on USFDA nod for Eszopiclone tablets
Pantaloon Retail net profit at Rs 20.10 cr for March quarter
Party time: Nifty likely to surge 22% in just 18 months
PC Jeweller Q3 net up by 19% at Rs 79.98 crore
Persistent System's Q4 net up 25.9 pc to Rs 51.88 crore
"Persistent Systems rallies nearly 5%
"Pesticides issue cleared
Pharma companies look to be in better shape in March quarter
Pharma stocks likely to outperform in next one month: Ashwani Gujral
"Pick M&M at a target price of Rs 1
"Piramal Enterprises rallies over 7% on Rs 8
Preview: Axis Bank likely to report 22% rise in Q4 NII
Promoters of Maharashtra Seamless to buy back Rs 100 crore shares
Quality stocks likely to keep outperforming in H1 2014: Prashasta Seth
Radico Khaitan Q3 net up 77.69 pc to Rs 20.47 cr
"Radio Mirchi net soars 59.4%
Rajshree Sugars Q4 net profit at Rs 24.41 cr; stock up
Rallis India Q3 net profit up 38% at Rs 30.39 crore
Ramky Infra FY'11 consolidated net up 62pc to Rs 206 crore
Raymond's Q2 FY 11 PAT zooms 427 pc at Rs 39-cr
RComm hits highest level since Jan 2011; rallies 20% since June
Recent correction in Karur Vysya Bank stock price makes it attractive
"Record Wall Street high
Refined soya oil futures gain 0.37 per cent on strong demand
"Regulatory relief
Reliance Industries stock on the rise despite Arvind Kejriwal's repeated attacks
Renuka Sugar is the pick of the sugar stocks: Deepak Mohoni
"Revival in demand fueling Ashok Leyland stock: Ajay Bodke
"Riding the recovery theme
Rubber rises from 3 year low amid debate on export cap
Rupee poised to rally amid prospects of boost in forex reserves
"Rural Electrification Corp Q2 Net up 16.43% to Rs 1
Russia says oil price of $60-70 per barrel comfortable for market
Sanofi India Q1 net up 11 pc at Rs 44 cr
Schroders Investment in talks to buy 30% stake in Axis MF
"Sebi approves upto Rs 1
"See 10-15% upside potential in ONGC
Seeing investors taking positions in good quality mid-cap stocks: Deven Choksey
"Sensex closes at all-time record high of 22
"Sensex@new high: 5 reasons why bears
Sentiment in telecom sector may improve in medium term: Dipan Mehta
Share sale proceeds to help Prestige Estates Projects cut debt component
Shree Cement's JP Associates' unit purchase to help balance north business
"SIDBI net profit rises 27% to Rs 1
SKF India clocks 40 pc increase in PAT in Q1 2011
SKF India Q2 net jumps 32 pc to Rs 41 cr
SKS Microfinance gains over 50% year-to-date; can return up to 30%
Smaller names in pharma space may have good strides: Prakash Diwan
"Smart recovery on D-Street; Nifty near 7
Sobha Developers: A realty counter that may give over 45% returns
SREI Infrastructure rallies over 3% on fund raising plans via NCD's
"Sri Lankan stocks at over three-week high on banks
State-run companies an inexpensive play on PM Modi reforms: Morgan Stanley
State-run oil companies settle 6 per cent higher on Iran deal
Steps taken by management paying off for Tata Sponge: Dipan Mehta
"Sterling hovers near 7-week highs
Sundaram BNP Paribas Q2 net up 10.6% to Rs 78.25 crore
"Sundaram Finance is a strong buy: Paras Adenwala
"Surge in government spending to pump up infrastructure
Surya Pharmaceutical Q3 net up 30.82 pc to Rs 28.01 cr
Tata Chemicals: Restructuring efforts yielding results; debt reduction may trigger re-rating
TCS shares extend gain on purchase of French IT provider Alti
Tech Mahindra rallies over 4% post Q2 results; top Nifty gainer
"Technology sector is a safe bet: Manish Sonthalia
Texmaco Rail a good bet from long-term perspective: P Phani Sekhar
"There are trading opportunities for REC and PFC: Hemang Jani
Tokyo shares inch higher at close after two days of losses
Torrent Pharma Q1 Net up 46 pc at Rs 149 crore
Trade @ 9: Markets kick off new year with 20-mth high
TV18 Broadcast Ltd Q4 net up two-fold at Rs 35.9 crore
Two MCFL investors tender 2.6 per cent stake to Deepak Fertilisers
UBS maintains 'buy on Cipla with target price of Rs 390
UBS rating on Indiabulls Real Estate rises from `Neutral to `Buy
UBS says just over 90% of shares tendered into exchange offer
"UCO Bank Q3 net profit trebles on higher interest income
Uflex Q3 profit jumps 47.22 per cent to Rs 53 crore
UltraTech Q2 net rises 55 per cent to Rs 410 crore
"Until Nifty crosses 8350-8400 zone
UPL shares surge over 3.5% as RBI removes foreign buying restriction
Vedanta to merge subsidiary Cairn with itself to help ease debt
Vedanta's weight in key indices to rise post Cairn India buyout
Vijaya bank look okay in the PSU banking space: Devang Visaria
Vijaya Bank Q1 net profit up 22% to Rs 161 crore
"Volkswagen places shares at 191 euros each
Weakness on BJP's Bihar loss would be a buying opportunity: CLSA
"WestBridge to buy 1.74% SKS stake
Whats brewing: Coffee exporter CCL Products looks strong after 155% rally
"Worst is behind for Sun Pharma
Wyeth surges 20%; hits upper limit on merger plans with Pfizer
"Year 2014 holds considerable promise for Maruti: Anish Damania
"Yes Bank a good stock to invest: Rajesh Jain
Zydus Wellness Q3 net profit up 66% at Rs 44 crore
"200-DMA strong support for Nifty; index may bounce back to 6
365 days of Modi govt: Global funds seen increasing India weightage: HSBC
7370 mark could be the next support level for Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
7680-7700 on the Nifty remains an important level to watch: Mitesh Thacker
"8
Aarti Drugs Q1 net up 92 per cent at Rs 8.88 crore
Aarti Industries Q1 net up 39 per cent at Rs 25 crore
"Abbott Labs up 100% in 15 months
ACC October-December net rises 18% to Rs 326 crore on tax benefits
ADAG stocks extend gain for 2nd day; Rel Infra surges 5.20 %
Aditya Birla Group stocks jump up to 20% on apparel business merger
Aditya Birla Nuvo Q2 Net increases 2.2 pc at Rs 290.15 crore
Agri stocks to scale up further despite the recent run: Dhiraj Sachdev
Airlines surge upto 10% as ATF prices slashed by 7.3 per cent
"Airtel Q1 net profit jumps 40 per cent to Rs 1
"Ajay Piramal to buy 20% in Shriram Capital for Rs 1
"An upside up to 190-195 possible on RComm: Vinith Jain
Analysts see over 20% upside in Cadila Healthcare after strong Q3 show
Andhra Bank net jumps 2-fold at Rs 144 crore in July-September quarter
Apollo Tyres hits 52-week high on US court ruling; more upside seen
Apollo Tyres to set up plant in Hungary; stock rallies nearly 3%
"Ashok Leyland is good buy even at current levels: Ambareesh Baliga
Astral Poly rocks D-Street by rallying over 3400% in last 5 years
"At Rs 600-625
Atul Ltd is the best bet among the chemical stocks: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Aurobindo Pharma rallies 3% on USFDA nod to market generic anti-infective drug
Balasore Alloys FY11 consolidated net rose 115 pc to Rs 27 crore
BASF India Q4 net profit up 67 pc at Rs 13.32 cr
Bermaco Energy System buys Core Projects shares at Rs 340 per share
BGR Energy net rises 60 pc to Rs 323 cr in FY11
Bharat Forge Q2 net up 81 per cent to Rs 174.49 crore
BNP Paribas buys 15 lakh Karnataka Bank shares for Rs 17 cr
Buy AB Nuvo Ltd with a target of Rs 1925: Mitesh Thacker
"Cabinet clears bills on Sebi
Carborundum Universal Q3 net profit up 87.3 pc at Rs 11.22 crore
CESC Ltd is the recommended stock from the power sector: Convexity Solutions
City Union Bank Q1 net profit up 12% at Rs 112 crore
Comgest buys 26.58 lakh shares of 4 companies for Rs 57 crore
Commex tech looks to sell up to 10% in UCX to SBI
"Construction players to get impetus from Budget 2015: Vinay Khattar
Cox & Kings Q3 profit jumps 10 fold to Rs 30.91 crore
"Cummins India: New facilities in SEZs
Cummins upgrades FY15 revenue guidance by 10-15% on improvement in business dynamics
Dalmia Bharat may become frontline cement stock within 12 months: Mehraboon Irani
DB Realty rallies over 17% on hopes of approvals on stuck projects
DCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 crore via QIP; stock up
Decision to seek shareholder nod for Gujarat plant lifts Maruti stock 8%
"Delayed monsoon
Development Credit Bank: Rise in interest income brings in turnaround Q1 performance
Dewan Housing Finance Q4 net up 40 pc at Rs 59 cr
Dishman Pharma Q2 net up nine per cent at Rs 36 crore
Divis Lab  can climb to levels closer to 1160: Prakash Gaba
Dollar's retreat lifts Asia FX; yuan up on central bank stabilisation moves
D-Street betting on rate cut; banking stocks in vogue:  Ajay Bagga
DTDC picks up 70% in logistic firm Nikkos for Rs 1 crore
Edelweiss Financial Services September-qtr Net jumps 72 pc to Rs 79 crore
Emami Paper Mill Q4 PAT up 2 pc to Rs 2.39 crore
Eros International Q1 net up 49 per cent at Rs 53 crore
Excellent valuations make BEL a buy for long term: P Phani Sekhar
FIIs stake in Infosys hit 9-year high of 42% in January-March quarter
Fiscal deficit of 4.8% GDP very prudent signal from govt: Axis Bank
Focus on infra in the Budget likely to benefit HCC: Rajen Shah
"Force Motors almost doubles in two weeks on earnings
Fullerton India Credit Q1 net jumps 51 pc to Rs 43 crore
GE Shipping Sept qtr Net up 98 pc at Rs 161 crore
Godfrey Philips rallies over 6% as IDFC MF buys 2.5 lakh shares
"Govind Rubber Q1 net profit up
"Have strong overweight position on auto ancillaries: BP Singh
"HCC a good pick in the construction space: Abhijit Paul
HDFC Bank Q4 net profit up 20.7% YoY; in line with estimates
Hindustan Copper Q2 net profit up nearly 4-fold at Rs 56.21 cr
"Hopes of rate cut
"ICICI Bank Q3 PAT in line with estimates at Rs 2
IFCI net profit Q2 up 6.25 per cent at Rs 202.3 cr
IGL is a 'BUY' with a target of Rs 505: Sandeep Wagle
IIFL Inc buys Shriram City Union Fin shares worth Rs 100 cr
ILFS Engineering shares zoom 20% on Rs 675 crore road project order
India likely to be one of the outperformers among EMs: Atul Suri
Infinite Computer FY 11 consolidated net up 35% to Rs 107 crore
Infosys's volume growth surprised us more than the earnings numbers: Neeraj Deewan
"ING Vysya Bank rallies 3%
Insurance stocks pare gains after 7% gains; here's why rally couldn't sustain
Investments through P-Notes into Indian markets rise to $26 billion in August
Investor wealth zooms Rs 1 lakh cr as markets cheer Fed comment
Investors can expect long-term returns of as high as 30% from Nifty
IRB Infrastructure rallies 4% despite reporting 24% decline in Q3 net profit
"ITC looks interesting at current levels: Prashasta Seth
"ITNL likely to improve revenue visibility on new road projects
"Jagran Prakashan a value pick
JBM Auto Q1 net profit jumps over 5-fold to Rs 21 crore
JBM Auto Q3 net up 60 per cent at Rs 24 crore
"Jet Airways closes Rs 2
Jimmy Choo narrows IPO price range to 140-160 pence a share: Sources
JM Asset Reconstruction Company profits up 142 per cent in H1 2015
"JP Infra a safer stock in infrastructure space: Pankaj Pandey
JP Morgan fund to help domestic investors to invest in US market
"JPMorgan upgrades Titan to Overweight
Jyothy Laboratories Q1 profit up 72 per cent to Rs 42.46 crore
Karnataka Bank net profit during October-December up 33% at Rs 106 crore
Karur Vysya Bank Q3 net profit rises marginally to Rs 113.88 Crore
Karur Vysya Bank Q4 net up 17 pc at Rs 115 cr
KEC International's Q4 net profit up over 25% at Rs 78.58 cr
KPTL shares surge 7% as company bags orders worth Rs 560 crore
Liberty Shoes Q2 net up 25.24 per cent at Rs 2.53 crore
Liquidity flowing into emerging markets will help Hindalco move up: Seshadri Bharathan
Lock & load: Bharat Forge hits all-time high on Rafael arms JV
"Low valuations
Man Industries surges over 19% intraday on Rs 510 crore export order
Manappuram Finance plans to garner up to Rs 200 cr via NCDs
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals  shares gain over 11% on robust earnings
Maruti has potential to rise 10-15% if market sentiment improves: Deven Choksey.
Mastek Net up over two-fold at Rs 20.3 cr in Jan-Mar qtr
Mastek rallies over 40% in 5 trading session on potential value unlocking
Mastek: Lower operating costs and lesser forex loss result in margin expansion
"MF exposure to bank stocks hit record high of Rs 85
MphasiS gains 2% as Q3 profit rises 7% to Rs 209 crore
"Nagarjuna Construction can give return of 20-25%: Gajendra Nagpal
NBCC IPO hits capital market to raise Rs 120 crore for government
NBFCs seeing good Q2 numbers on fall in input cost: Deepak Shenoy
Next year is going to be phenomenal for Indian equities: Vikas Khemani
"Nifty's upward move about to resume: Sandeep Wagle
Nikkei ends day with marginal gains as BOJ keeps monetary policy unchanged
Nokia Solutions and Networks reports Q1 net profit of 124 million euro
"NPCIL rides corporate bond wave
"ONGC Videsh H1 profit rises 14.4 per cent to Rs 1
Opto Circuits gains over 12% on stake sale reports to Goldman Sachs
Oriental Bank of Commerce Q4 Net rises marginally to Rs 310 crore
PE firm Apax buys TPGs 20.3% stake in Shriram City Union Finance
Penny stocks soar 30-90 per cent post global and local stimulus measures
Persistent Net up 37 pc at Rs 57 cr; revenues rise 19%
Pia Singh buys over 1.31 crore DLF shares for Rs 194 crore
Premium valuation for TCS justified among large cap IT stocks: Dipan Mehta
"Pre-open: Nifty likely to open on positive note
PSU bank stocks might be great contrarian buys next year: Nitin Jain
Q4 earnings: RIL's profit jumps up 32 pc on rising refining income
"QE3 will be good for the Indian markets: Pankaj Pandey
Quasi private sector banks provide good opportunities: Mehraboon Irani Nirmal Bang Securities
"Railway expansion plans bound to benefit Titagarh
"Rajesh Exports climbs on bagging an export order worth Rs 1
Ramco Systems gains as company may raise Rs 300 cr through QIP
Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers Q1 net profit up by 65 per cent
"Raymond a good pick in the textile space: Anil Rego
Refined soya oil futures gain 1.02 per cent on strong spot demand
Reforms pushed by Narendra Modi government likely to attract investors to PSUs
"Relaxo Footwears rallies 20%
Replacement demand for tyres to benefit the stocks going forward: Prateek Agarwal
Rolta India net up 25.3 pc at Rs 84.04 cr for Jan-Mar
Rupee rises to over 6-month high vs US dollar on FII inflows
Russia adds to gold holdings for 5th month in a row: IMF
Sandhar Tech seeks Sebi nod to raise Rs 300 cr via IPO
Sasken shares up 20% as it wins $31.7 million in arbitration case
Satyam may see big rerating after merger with Tech Mahindra: Ambit Capital
"SBI scales above Rs 2
"See this week's upside continuing in next week too: Mitesh Thacker
Sensex pares gains after hitting record highs; top ten stocks in focus
Sesa net at Rs 1.62K crore; hopes to resume mining post monsoon
"Seven blue-chips add Rs 25
"Shipping Corporation has seen a lot of upside: Gautam Shah
Shivanand Mankekar makes a profit of Rs 150 crore on United Spirits
"Shree Cement net profit surge by 537% on better realisations
Shri Lakshmi Cotsyn March qtr net up 9.05% to Rs 27.70 cr
Shriram City Union Finance Q2 profit rises 10.5% to Rs 152.31 crore
Shriram City Union Finance Q4 Net rises 21% to Rs 151 crore
Siemens Ltd net profit rises two-fold to Rs 88.3 crore in January-March
Singapore index rises ahead of price data; others flat on Greek debt
Sistema deal will help RCom launch 4G services later on: Nitin Soni
SJVN's profit after tax jumps 8.87% to Rs 343.24 cr in Q1
Solar power stocks rally upto 11% on Indo-US partnership on clean energy
"Spice India debuts in Delhi; will offer spices-infused chocolate slabs
Standard Chartered jumps 5 per cent on Sebi move on IDR conversion
"Steria India sees exits at top; CEO
Sterling index at six-week high as chances of BoE rate hike grow
"Structural tailwinds will aid IT companies and IT stocks
Subex rallies nearly 5% on reports of buyout by global tech firms
"Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal clears a big hurdle
Sutlej Textiles Q3 profit jumps 61.47 per cent to Rs 39.90 crore
Suven Life Sciences Q2 net profit up 7-fold at Rs 45.54 crore
Suzlon Energy rallies 20% in two sessions as Q4 net loss narrows
Syndicate Bank Q2 net up 5 per cent at Rs 332 crore
"Syngene International makes stellar debut
"Tax sops to oil companies will be helpful: Ashith Kampani
"Texmaco Rail rallies over 8% as consortium wins Rs 1
There is great opportunity and great future for Power Grid: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Torrent Power rallies as Q2 net profit rose to Rs 246.27 crore
Trent rallies over 6% as Tesco completes establishment of a 50:50 JV
TV Today Network Q3 jumps 34.46 per cent to Rs 20.64 crore
TV Today surges 8 per cent on increase in FII investment limit
UB Group to hike stake in MCFL; to buy shares from Zuari
Uflex rallies nearly 8% as Q2 net profit grows by over 40%
"United Breweries gains 28% in four days on bourses
USL stock up 3% as Diageo buys shares; ups stake to 29%
V-Guard rallies 12% as Q4 net profit doubles to Rs 20.5 crores
V-Guard: Bullish on growth due to diversification and expansion in new markets
"Waiting for levels of around 310 to buy Bharti: Ambareesh Baliga
Whirlpool India Q1 profit grows 18 per cent at Rs 98.1 crore
"Would buy Hindustan Motors above 30: Sandeep Wagle
Yen rises after Bank of Japan holds fire on further easing measures
Yes Bank registers 30% rise in Q2 profit on higher fee income
"Yuan firms in late trade
4450 to 4480 may be next support range for Bank Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
Adani Enterprises surges 13%; experts say surge in group stocks likely to continue
Advanta rallies over 12% as Q3 net profit grows to Rs 25.42 crore
AirAsia shares gain 8 per cent after report it may be taken private
Ajanta Pharma Q2 net profit up 41 per cent at Rs 78.63 crore
"Aptech's roof on the upside is 115 to 117: Ashwani Gujral
"ARSS Infra gets Rs 114.49 cr order
"AstraZeneca up 20% on delisting proposal
"Automotive segment looks to be a winner: Raamdeo Agrawal
"Balrampur Chini strongest in the sugar space: Sandeep Wagle
Bata is a great long term bet for 10-15 years period: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Best time for the insurance companies to list to attract investment: Deepak Shenoy
Bond yields end up tracking oil prices; biggest weekly rise in 2-1/2 months
"Break above 8
"Break above 8
Colgate Palmolive India Q2 net up 21 per cent at Rs 157 crore
Consistent performance behind Bajaj Finance's premium valuations; stock a long-term play: Deven Choksey
"Contrarian view: Domestic institutional investors see opportunity in Bharti Airtel
Crisil Q4 net profit moves up 17 pc to over Rs 45 cr
"DCM Shriram Consolidated rallies 17%
Decision on cut in government stake structurally positive for Dena Bank: Amit Khurana
Delta Corp rallies nearly 5% as Jhunjhuwala buys stake worth Rs 11 crore
Deutsche Bank sees Sensex 20% up in 2014; top  7 midcap ideas
Diageo launches $1.9 billion second open offer to hike USL stake to 55%
Economic revival for Concor anticipated; limited upside for stock seen in short term
"Edelweiss clocks Rs 66 cr profit in Q2
Edelweiss doubles investor wealth in 2014; Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picks up 1 crore shares
Eicher Motors Q2 net profit rises 41 per cent to Rs 222 crore
"Equity outclasses gold
Fertilizer manufacturer Coromandel International Q3 net profit up 38% at Rs 94 crore
FIIs' interest in India nears peak; top eight stocks from CLSA's model portfolio
FMCGs are a good bet on revival of the Indian economy: Dipan Mehta
Further 5 per cent fall on Dalal Street good to enter: Axis MF
GAIL Q2 PAT beats estimates at Rs 1303 crore; stock at 52-week high
"Gateway Distriparks is a good bet with a one-year view: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Geometric rallies 4% post Q1 results; net profit rises to Rs 19.2 crore
Gillette India net profit up 11.9% to Rs 42.89 cr for Sept quarter
"Havells a good buy even at current levels: Taher Badshah
HCL Technologies hits 52-week high post Q3 results; logs 20% gain in 2013
HFCs offer great value even at prevailing levels; prefer Repco Home: Vinay Khattar
Hindi daily Amar Ujala plans to raise Rs 300 via IPO next month
"HNIs remain bullish; saw record inflows in August: Prateek Agarwal
Huge demand-supply gap in Infra; constraints in projects taking shape: K Ravi Kumar
"ICICI Bank Q2 net profit up 15% to Rs 2
"Ideal time to get into FMCG companies: Gurunath Mudlapur
IDFC Banks a good long-term bet even if it makes a slow start
"IL&FS Transportation is a good pick at current levels: Ambareesh Baliga
ING Vysya net jumps 34% to Rs 170 cr on improved asset quality
Ipca to give good returns on US and domestic trade traction: Manish Sonthalia
"IRF daily turnover swells nearly three times to Rs 2
"It makes good sense for Sesa Sterlite to pick HZL stake
J&K Bank Q1 net profit rises 35 per cent to Rs 246 crore
Jain Irrigation shares rally over 4% on plans to sell wind power business
"Jet
"JLR poised to be world's 4th biggest luxury car maker
Jubilant Foodworks surges over 3% to hit record high; plans pizzas on train
"Just Dial gains over 2% on Credit Suisse upgrade
Kansai Nerolac Paints Q2 net up 9.07 per cent to Rs 51.7 crore
Kansai Nerolac Q1 net up 19.77 per cent jump at Rs 72.98 crore
Larger part of story for Mahindra & Mahindra remains intact: KR Choksey Securities
Larsen & Toubro's Q1 net profit soars 111% on sale of assets and stake
"Like in 2009
"Like it or not
"Long term outlook on Cairn India positive: Sandeep Wagle
"Mahindra & Mahindra lags forecast
Mangalore Refinery And Petrochemicals rallies 6% on reports of merger plans with OMPL
M-cap of Adani stocks surges 85% in seven months: Time to book profits?
Metals sector an interesting opportunity from medium to long-tem view: P Phani Sekhar
Mid-cap mantra: Persistent Systems' buying spree to give it a bounce in H2
"Morgan Stanley
Motherson Sumi Systems shares rise more than 5.5% on hopes on good earnings
Much to cheer in telecom; here's how companies fared in the spectrum auction
Multibagger idea: Bank of America- Merrill Lynch sees 65% upside in Jaiprakash Associates
Natco Pharma rallies over 8% as US Court rejects stay request on Copaxone
"NBCC surges 5% as co bags order worth Rs 3
NBFCs rally as RBI likely to give bank licences in next 10-15 days
"NDA may give PSU stocks a fillip
"Near-term trajectory of PSU banks shaky
"Next leg of Nifty rally will be led by PSU banks
Neyveli Lignite shares gain as Sebi gives Tamil Nadu consent to buy stake
Oberoi Realty Q4 net up by 30.16% at Rs 136.7 crore; stock down
OMC stocks may continue to perform well in next 3-6 months: Harendra Kumar
"On banking front
"Operating leverage will flow in for logistic companies
"Optimism about rupee grows
Oriental Bank of Commerce Q1 net profit rises 3% to Rs 365 crore
PBoC says China stocks rout almost over; is it good news for India?
"Pininfarina buy
"Pipavav could be game changer with Mahindras coming in: Vinay Khattar
Pipavav Defense likely to restructure Rs 7000 cr debt via CDR; stock up
"Polaris is a favourite of investors and traders: Avinash Gorakshekar
Pre-election rally: BSE benchmark index hits lifetime high as FIIs pump $1 billion
Procter & Gamble net up 55.03 pc at Rs 80.76 cr in January-March
Prop desks build bullish bets on Nifty with hopes to make 6-fold returns
Prospects of a BJP-led government at the Centre prompt buying in PSU stocks
Q4 weakness a temporary blip; buy largecap IT stocks on dips: Neeraj Deewan
"Raised Infosys' weightage in portfolios post Q2 numbers: Sachin Shah
"Rajasthan mining approval from Supreme Court
Ramky Infrastructure rallies 18% on sale of 3 highway projects to Pirmal Group
"Rate cut in April can take markets higher: Mehraboon Irani
Raymond: Focus on branded offerings should help boost sales & profitability in long-term
Results across the board in banking would be much above expectation: Ajay Srivastava
"Risk-averse investors should prefer Sun Pharma over SPARC: Daljeet Singh Kohli
"Securities Appellate Tribunal allows DLF to redeem Rs 1
Sharp rally in RIL helps Nifty cross 9000 for the first time ever
"Small investors find merit in beaten-down midcaps like KFA
"Smallcap capital goods players stare at big opportunities
Southeast Asian markets rise on Greek debt deal; Thai benchmark recovers two-week low
Speciality chemical companies to gain as production moves out of China: Vinay Khattar
"Spice Mobility to invest Rs 1
Stay long on Sun TV with stop loss of Rs 380: Vinith Jain
Street @ new peak: Opto Circuits surges over 8%; top 20 stock bets
"Strong pipeline of films
"Suzlon Energy rallies 57% in June
Swiss Finance Corp buys 70 lakh Apollo Tyres shares for Rs 50 cr
Tata Motors stock to soar again over JLR volumes and renewed FII interest
Thomas Cook India PAT for 2013 grows by 36% to Rs 68.7 crore
"Transport Corporation of India in pole position to gain from ecommerce boom
Tremendous value in midcap companies; top 5 wealth-creating ideas for next 6-12 months
"US stocks rise amid positive US
Voltas rises post Q4 results; net profit up 17.55% to Rs 118.04 cr
Welcome Samvat 2072! Sensex ends 124 points higher; top 10 wealth creating ideas
"Yen gains on safety play
"73 is the level to watch out on Lanco Infrastructure: Kunal Saraogi
ABG Shipyard ends 13.3% higher on buzz L&T plans to buy stake in firm
Atul Auto net profit up by 26% at Rs 3.87 crore in June quarter
"Bharti Airtel Q4 net profit surges by 89% to Rs 962 crore
Bharti Infratel fourth quarter net profit may rise  by 36 per cent: Report
Both private and PSU banks look good at this point in time: Arindam Ghosh
Cadila stock touches 52 week high after gettting USFDA approval for two generic drugs
"CLSA cuts target price for RIL to Rs 1
"CMC may spring positive surprise next week
"Cyclicals will continue to be in focus in the medium-term: Kunj Bansal
"Dhoni's CSK will play IPL
"Diageo makes $1.9 bn second open offer
Educomp Solutions rallies 10% on talks to sell its business schools to AB Group
Escorts posts 77 pc jump in Q2 net profit; to set up new plant
"Festive season likely to trigger turnaround for auto stocks: Dhiraj Sachdev
FIIs to pump $2.55 billion into Indian debt market; Rupee set to strengthen further
"Force Motors doubles in 2 weeks
Foreign Guar Gum buyers return after prices crash by more than 50 per cent
"FTIL sells stake in NBHC for Rs 300 crore
Gateway Distriparks rallies nearly 5% on reports that it plans to list rail unit
"Goldman
"HDFC Bank Q4 net up 30 per cent at Rs 1890 crore
"Heritage Food
HSIL rallies 11% after RBI allows FIIs to buy shares; ends nearly 3% down
Hyundai outbids Samsung to pay sky-high $10 billion for land in South Korea's Gangnam
"IndusInd Bank presents an interesting entry opportunity for new investors: Phani Sekhar
JustDial Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1550: Mitesh Thacker
"KEC International looks attractive on revenue visibility and margin improvement: Mayuresh Joshi
Kesoram Industries rallies over 18% on reports to sell its tyre unit to MRF
"Life Insurance Corporation of India may buy ICICI infrastructure bonds worth Rs 3
"Long term investors should stay invested in Tata Steel: Seshadri Bharathan
Marico posts 28 per cent jump in Q1 net profit to Rs 238 crore
MM Forgings reaps twin benefits on record US sales and India demand rev up
"Money on the street: You could earn Rs 16
"Narendra Modi wave revives as FIIs buy over Rs 2
"Novartis India surges 20% as parent company strikes $15 billion deal with GSK
Novelis third quarter net profit jumps 3-fold to $46 million on new business model
Oriental Bank of Commerce's Q1net profit up 3 per cent to Rs 365 crore
Procter and Gamble Q2 net profit up 18.40 per cent at Rs 90.66 crore
"PVR rallies over 4%
"Rajan pulls off a surprise
"REITs will benefit companies involved in portfolio of commercial properties: Prakash Diwan
Renuka Sugars Board gives in-principal nod for rights issue to raise Rs 725.4 crore
"Scope for further improvement in valuation multiple for midcap IT stocks: G Chokkalingam
Sectoral churning behind recent correction in pharma stocks; present valuations look attractive: Gaurav Mehta
"Seeing a large delta swing favouring Escorts in FY 2012: Avinash Gorakshekar
Share of LNG in India's gas mix may rise to 38 per cent: Goldman
South Korean shares gain more than 1 per cent as financials rally; won higher
Suggest to put money into PSU names from a long term perspective: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Technical check: Yes Bank on track to hit levels of 1000
UB stocks gain up to 57 per cent so far this fiscal; outshine Sensex
Volkswagen shares bounce back from lows to show gain of 4% in late morning
Yes Bank Q3 up 30% YoY to Rs 540 crore; in line with estimates
8600-8620 levels to be key support area for Nifty in the coming days: Mitesh Thacker
Ajanta Pharma Q2 net up 20 per cent at Rs 100 crore on robust sales
Ambuja a good bet in the cement space; buy at levels of 210-211: Ambareesh Baliga
Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Infra Q3 net profit jumps 26% at Rs 450 crore
Arun Jaitley hopes passage of amended insurance bill in Winter Session; Max India surges 10%
"Barclays sees possibility of guidance adjustment for IT cos in Q3; Infosys
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1260: Mitesh Thacker
Cadila Healthcare stands out in pharma pack; expect co to clock 35-36% growth: Hemang Jani
Camlin Fine Science will see 60-70% jump in revenues in coming years: Daljeet Singh Kohli
"Citi maintains Sensex December-end target of 32
"Consumer names will find lots of investor support going ahead: Taher Badshah
Consumption related stocks rally up to 1% on expected boost from 7th Pay Commission recos
Cummins: New CPCB norms and reduced dependence on imports make it a good long-term buy
"Dalmia Cement good buy at Rs 255
Economic Survey: India Inc average IPO size 31% up at Rs 827 cr in April-November
Environmental clearance for the Mundra SEZ a big relief for Adani Ports: P Phani Sekhar
HFCs can offer a CAGR return of 25% over the next few years: Deven Choksey
"Hike in the freight rates is a bold
ICICIs provisioning up 36% at Rs 850 crore; healthy CAR & CASA base offer comfort
"IndiGo flies to mcap of Rs 31
Kansai Nerolac Paints Q2 net profit up by 40.62 per cent at Rs 72.66 crore
Kotak Mahindra Bank Q1 net up 43% at Rs 403 cr on core income rise
Marksans Pharma on a firm wicket; buy stock with a target Rs 132: Sharmila Joshi
"Mid tier IT stocks attractive from a 2-3 year period: Arindam Ghosh
"Midcap space to benefit from new government initiatives
Mumbai realty stocks rally up to 14% as ready reckoner rates go up by 20%
"Nano price hike a good news for the company: Fayeza Hafizee
Natco Pharma ends 5% higher as US Supreme Court invalidates rival Teva's patent for Copaxone
NIIT Tech reports over 70 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 68.2 crore
"On Dalal Street
"Orient Cement surprises Street with Q4 results; stock jumps over 12% intraday
"Outlook for auto ancilliary stocks bright in medium to long term: Mayuresh Joshi
Pressure on rupee continues on dollar strength; here's why RBI will not let it depreciate
"Railways Vote on Account 2014: Rail stocks gain ahead of budget
"Relaxo more attractive than Bata: Amit Khurana
"Renewable energy theme looks attractive; opportunities may pan out after SEB restructuring: Pankaj Pandey
"Rise in US bond yields may direct realignment towards EM pack: Gaurav Mehta
"Samvat 2071 likely to remain volatile
"Stability may return to markets
Tata Motors rallies over 3% to fresh life high on growth plans; top Sensex gainer
Wonderla Holidays debuts on NSE at Rs 160 apiece; 28% higher than its issue price
Blue Star doubles investors' wealth in last 1 year; can rally another 15% in two weeks
Cognizant posts its best figures in its 21 year history; shares surge over 8% on Nasdaq
Cognizant Q2 revenue up 16.5% at $2.52 billion; expects FY15 revenue growth of at least 14%
Cognizant Q3 profit at $397.2 million; raises full year revenue guidance to at least $12.41 billion
Continue trading with long side bias with stop at 8450 levels on Nifty : Mitesh Thacker
"Current rally is just one of many to come in 2-3 years: Neeraj Deewan
"Dewan Housing Finance Corporation aims raising $300 million via ECB
Dish TV likely to touch Rs 150-160 levels in short term; buy on dips: Ambareesh Baliga
FIPB approval would be a key trigger for HDFC Bank's stock: Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking
Forward Markets Commission approves Kotak Mahindra Bank deal to buy 15 per cent stake in MCX
GMR Infra stock up over 2 per cent on bourses; m-cap up by Rs 157 crore
Gujarat Pipavav Port's expansion plans to make it a major container hub; stock likely to rise
"Household sectors will be market outperformers in quarters to come: Sandeep Shenoy
"Infra proving to be achilles' heel for India story
Insurance stocks surge up to 15%; 'rally to not sustain as positives of Bill priced in'
"IOB rises over 17% as Q4 net sees 4-fold jump; Experts up bets
"Jet-Etihad deal: Downside risk to aviation sector is ruled out
"Midcap stock certainly will be the flavour of the season: Dipan Mehta
Mix between RMC and bags is going to be very profitable for Prism Cement: Prakash Gaba
"Ongoing correction in China markets does not mark the end of bull run: Chris Wood
Pantaloons to be top value creator in brands and apparel space over 3-4 years: Nitin Jain
"Probability of making easier returns at 4800
SC order to affect metal and power sectors; but beneficiary in the long term: Mayuresh Joshi
"Some metal players stand to benefit as dip will attract new buyers: Prakash Diwan
Stop above 137 on Reliance Communications could give money on the short side:  Prakash Gaba
"Sun Pharma hits fresh 52-week high
"Top 5 reasons why Street is cheering Infosys results; brokerages up target price to Rs 1
Trend will firmly remain on the upside as long as Nifty maintains 8050-8060 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Analyst positive on RIL post 41st AGM; see stock rallying up to Rs 1200 in a year
"Earning upgrades in H2 will give a good fillip to the market: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Great Eastern net profit up 10.5% to Rs 180.9 crore in Q1
"InterGlobe Aviation best bet in aviation
"Kitex Garments another Page Inds in making
Kotak Mahindra top bet in banking sector; likely to hit Rs 1550 in one year: Gaurang Shah
"Rakesh Jhunjhunwala bullish on NCC
"Stellar debut: SH Kelkar lists at Rs 222
"TD Power to bag strong profits in the next 3 years: Girish Pai
"49% FDI in insurance a great move; positives will outweigh the negatives: Jagdish Malkani
"Augmentation of revenues for food security bill needs to be watched out for: Manish Sonthalia
Aviva to raise stake in Indian joint venture to 49 per cent over an  'attractive' local market
"Even if India grows at 7%
Govt efforts to lift GDP by 150 bps on a sustainable basis; positive on investment-related stocks: Dhiraj Agarwal
Growing fortunes of auto industry to benefit NRB Bearing; buy with a target of Rs 170: Devang Mehta
In for a shiny coat: Kansai Nerolac to be a major beneficiary of the expected auto sector revival
"IRB Infra could one of the outperforming stocks in infra space: Gaurang Shah
Nomura pegs India's Q2 GDP growth at 5.9%; top 10 stocks that can return 24% in a year
"Valuations on the higher side
With 65% stock return PC Jeweller shines in a tough market with a focus on diamonds & exports
"BEL is a decent bet from the defence space based on an impressive order book: Neeraj Deewan
"ETFs invest Rs 1
"MindTree on course to join $1-bn revenue club in next 5 years
PSU stocks look extremely attractive on hopes of reforms to be brought in by the new govt: Arindham Ghosh
Yes Bank Q4 net profit up by 19% at Rs 430 crore; to raise funds upto USD 500 million
Tobacco companies bolster a bruised FTSE
Gold at three-week high on Ukraine
"Sebi revokes restrictions against Foseco India
10-year bond yield Soars to 8.8%
Claris Lifesciences promoter sells 10 lakh shares
Police probe allegation about Sahara's threat to investors
Road developers surge after NHAI defers payments
"Spurt in LNG prices
Jet Airways trims losses in Q1; stock gains
British pound slips against buoyant Fed-boosted dollar
"Brent steady above $108 as Russia
Weaker miners push Britain's FTSE lower; BP gains
NRI company files criminal complaint against Baring Asia
"Supply crunch
Zinc falls 0.51% on global cues
Emerging assets weaken after yuan devaluation
What's behind the China's yuan devaluation
"Yen plunge hurting
"Investors fret Yahoo future
"World stocks hit one-month low
World stock markets slip as buying fervor cools
"Won slips after weak data
Get out of Wipro: Ashwani Gujral
"Wipros revenue from media
Wipro slips for second session after Q2 results
Import duty on wheat likely
Wheat declines on increased supply
Sebi bars Kolkata Weird Industries from raising funds
Barclays 'Underweight' on Voltas
"Voltas shares plunge on Q3 results
Usha Martin Q4 loss at Rs 9.68 crore
"Initial hype over
US crude prices fall sharply as inventory grows
United Spirits shares fall; Credit Suisse downgrades
Unitech falls on wider-than-expected quarterly loss
Ultratech Sep quarter net slumps 54 pc
Tyre makers continue to face cost pressure
Twitter falls to lowest point since going public
Turmeric futures slide 1.70 pc on weak demand
"Iraqi turmoil hits Turkish assets
Tulip Telecom promoter pledges 23 lakh shares
Torrent Power reports Rs 7.3 crore quarterly loss
Titan shares fall as RBI limits foreign investment
Thermax falls 1% as adjusted profit lags estimates
Textile stocks are at the sideways: Deepak Mohoni
Technology stocks will start falling slowly: Ashwani Gujral
Tea stocks lose flavour on bumper Kenyan crop
"Sluggish demand
TCS shares end lower ahead of earnings announcement
Shareholders miffed at Tata Motors' missed payout
Tata Communications shares down 3% on weak results
"Taiwan stocks down
Suzlon Energy reports biggest quarterly loss
5 global brokerages slash Sun Pharma targets
"Sugar falls on mounting stocks
Emerging currencies slide as stocks decline
"Wealthy investors exit stocks
Bearish for stock markets currently: Sandip Sabharwal
Scotland split jitters send sterling to 10-month low
Sterling dips after anti-EU party wins second by-election
Sterling trades near 3-week lows versus rebounding dollar
Bearish soyabean investors loose as market price rise
South Korean shares briefly dip to 2-month low
Sony to de-list shares from London Stock Exchange
Small sugar declines on subdued demand
Still bearish on SKS Microfinance: Rajat Bose
Seek an exit from SKS Microfinance: Rajat Bose
Fears of regulatory checks drag SKS Micro down
Silver futures retreat 0.81 pc on global cues
Silver falls 0.36% in futures trade
"Silver falls 0.55% on profit-booking
Silver weakens in futures trade on global cues
Securities Appellate Tribunal upholds Sebi order against Sicom
Five reasons why Sensex lost 426 points
"Top five reasons Sensex fell below 27
Four reasons Sensex tanked over 400 points intraday
Four reasons Sensex tanked over 400 points intraday
It is Sensexs third-worst Samvat in a decade
Sensex in red; top ten stocks in focus
"SBI net slumps 99% on bad loans
Enforcement Directorate attaches Saradha Group assets
"Won't recommend SAIL: Sandeep Wagle
Sahara Housingfina stock slumps 3%
Securities Appellate Tribunal disposes of Sahara appeal
S&P 500 posts biggest weekly decline since 2012
Rupee leads Asia forex slide on profit-taking
Rupee trades lower against US dollar
Rupee falls 32 paise against dollar
Rupee at 1-month low; weak shares aid
Rupee hits 2-week low on defence-related dollar demand
Rupee seen lower on opening against dollar strength
Rupee slightly weaker; fund flows watched for cues
Rupee weakens by 41 paise after Fed tapering
Rubber prices slump to 2009 lows
Rubber imports to jump 10-15% on falling prices
Rouble's woes spread to other ex-Soviet currencies
Rolta India going through downtrend: Ashwani Gujral
Ricoh India plunges 10% on poor Q1 results
Rice basmati remains weak on sluggish demand
Nomura says to cut back on Reliance Power
Bearish on Reliance Communications: Deven Choksey
Refined soya oil futures weaken as demand decline
"Re touches two-week low
One can short Ranbaxy: Ashuu Kakkarr
Railway stocks extend losses on profit-booking
Puravankara's real estate scheme not a CIS: Sebi
Book profits in PSU banks: Prakash Diwan
Prakash Industries in a big downtrend: Ambareesh Baliga
All power stocks are looking weak: Rajat Bose
Not bullish on power sector: Manish Sonthalia
Potato futures remain weak on adequate supply
Pistachio falls on subdued demand
Avoid taking risks in pharma sector: Nitin Raheja
Drug pricing policy negative for pharma cos: Brokerages
Pepper futures down 1 pc on profit-booking
Pantaloon shares slump as net loss widens
OnMobile clearly in short-term downtrend: Deepak Mohoni
Macquaries reiterates Underperform on ONGC
Rise in subsidy burden may hit ONGC FPO
"Bearish on OMCs: Sandeep J Shah
"Investors take cover amid Russia crisis
Oversupply in oil market to continue
EU crisis push oil prices down
Oil prices extend losses in Asian trade
Oil prices hit new multi-year lows in Asia
"Oil slips below $105 on oversupply
OBC net plummets 29% at Rs 257.84 crore
Bearish on NTPC: Avinnash Gorakssakar
"NTPC: Execution delays
Lacklustre Nifty ends below 5250
Nifty's market cap way behind global indices
Sharp fall seen if Nifty breaks 5400
Expect Nifty to head below 5950: Ashwani Gujral
"Nifty can slip to 8
Nifty to face stiff resistance at 6800-6820 levels
Structured deals involving Nifty options to disappoint investors
"Nickel futures weaken on profit-booking
Nickel futures slide 0.16 per cent on profit-bookings
Nickel softens on global cues
New Zealand dollar slips to five-month low
Nestle India Q1 net drops 7 per cent
Nestle's brand damage could be temporary
NALCO stock dips over 8 pc on BSE
Nagarjuna Construction Q3 net profit declines 15.5 pc
Nagarjuna Agrichem Q2 net dips 26 per cent
Mustard seed futures slip on selling pressure
Mustard oil declines on subdued local buying
MTNL fails to deliver every time: Hemen Kapadia
MTNL snaps 18% post block deal on NSE
MRPL plummets post weak September quarter results
Mphasis is showing weakness: Rajat Bose
MphasiS declines 5% after HP's poor guidance
Motherson Sumi shares fall; BofA downgrades to 'neutral'
MOIL prospects dim on falling ore prices
MOIL in a declining trend: Ashwani Gujral
Miners tumble as Citigroup sees bigger commodity losses
"Midcaps overvalued
Underweight on metals and mining sector: BP Singh
Metals will continue to remain weak: Sandip Sabharwal
Cautious on metal stocks: IV Subramaniam
Metal stocks are looking weak: Ashwani Gujral
Mentha oil falls 0.35 per cent on profit-booking
PwC report reveals MCX Staffs questionable endorsement pacts
Can Nifty hit 7100? Bear mood grips markets
"Sebi's P-Note diktat
Trend in markets to be choppy: Ashwani Gujral
Political uncertainty may dampen market mood
"Market tanks on global cues
Be cautious while entering market:  IV Subramanium
Volatility would continue in the market: Fayeza Hafizee
Manali Petrochemicals Q4 net down 72.6 pc
Man Infraconstruction drops 4% on promoter stake sale
Maize futures fall over 2 per cent
Mahindra & Mahindra slumps 3.3% after block deals
Lupin Q4 results misses Street estimates; stock declines
London copper slips to new six-year low
Lead futures extend losses on sluggish demand
Lead futures soften 0.19% on sluggish demand
"Lead futures weaken on global cues
Proceed cautiously in Larsen & Toubro: Jagdish Malkani
Lanco Infratech tanks 10% as Q4 results disappoints
Calculus: Higher working capital weighs heavy on L&T
Sell Kingfisher Airlines and United Spirits: Ashwani Gujral
Kesoram Industries net loss widens in January-March
Kaveri Seeds under bear attack?
Kaveri Seeds tanks on Sebi audit order
Margins profitability is suffering for JSPL: IDBI Capital
JK Cement Q3 net dips 79%
Jindal Steel is showing weakness: Deepak Mohoni
JGBs edge down as investors monitor Greek situation
Jeera futures fall 0.66% on low spot demand
"Japanese shares lose steam
Jaiprakash Associates is a risky bet: Mehraboon Irani
Have bearish outlook on ITC currently: Kunj Bansal
Currency headwinds weigh on IT stocks
Structurally negative on IT sector: Girish Pai
Don't see infra companies growing aggressively: IV Subramaniam
"CNX IT Index below 20-DMA
"Infosys downgraded by UBS: Old concern
Bearish on Infosys: Gaurav Mehta
Infosys shares end lower as top executive quits
Industrial oils ease on lower offtake
Industrial oil prices drop on weak demand
Indian rupee weakens to lowest since March 4
Deutsche Bank downgrades Indian equities to neutral
Crisil sees Indian companies' EBITDA margins bottoming out
Exit Idea immediately: Rajat Bose
Hydropower companies look sluggish: Deepak Mohoni
HUL shares down over 3% post Q4 earnings
Bearish on Hindustan Unilever: Dipan Mehta
Hindalco slumps over 6% on coal block woes
"HDFC: Rate increases
HCL Technologies plunges nearly 9% post Q1 results
Egypt uprising causes volatility in Gulf markets
"Guarseed futures weaken on profit-booking
Guargum prices fall 3.37% on weak overseas demand
Guargum futures decline as participants trim positions
Groundnut oil prices decline on lower demand
Gold futures decline marginally as rupee gains
Gold ends soft amid lacklustre demand
Gold extends weakness on sluggish demand
"Gold declines on sluggish demand
Gold demand halves despite fall in prices
Gold declines on poor buying amid global sluggishness
Gold declines on sluggish demand amid global uncertainty
"Gold drops on stockists selling
"Gold extends losses as stronger equities
"Gold extends losses on stockists selling
"Gold falls from 2-month high
Gold futures decline 0.23% on profit-booking; global cues
"Gold holds below $1
"Gold imports down in December
Gold steady below 3-week top; Fed meeting eyed
Hedge funds have never hated gold this much
Godfrey Phillips India Q4 Net down 35.94 pc
CAG report: GMR Infra slips over 3%
GMR Group under CBI lens
Global markets cautious ahead of US payrolls data
Global markets feel winter chill as uncertainties rise
GE Shipping Q4 net plunges by over 93%
Future Retail shares tank 5.6% on bourses
Mistaken identity costs Future Group dear
"Britain FTSE hits 2-month low
Miners dent FTSE as Fenner slides
"Britain FTSE edges lower
"Britain's FTSE falls
"Forex soft
Bearish on FMCG: IV Subramaniam
FMCG Q3 profitability affected by surging input cost
Fixed-income funds under Sebi scrutiny after huge outflows
Analysts cautious on fertiliser stocks
European stocks diverge as markets track Ukraine
Orange weighs on European shares after Jazztel deal
European shares dip ahead of Germany ZEW
European shares edge lower after manufacturing data
European shares edge lower after US sell-off
European shares held back by weak German data
European shares resume slide as Russia fears persist
"European shares weaken after disappointing French
Far-left victory in Greece bruises European markets
Europe shares dip after mixed manufacturing data
Europe shares dip on report of stress-test failures
"Europe shares sag after disappointing French
Euro fails to hold Friday gains
Euro weak ahead of ECB meeting
Draghi drives euro to 4-1/2 year low
Euro bears emboldened by cheapest dollars since 2008
Euro hits 3-month low after German data surprise
Euro slips in Asia on Portugal bank bailout
Engineers India shares fall after IDFC downgrade
Education is a volatile space: Deepak Mohoni
"Edible oils decline on easing demand
"Edible oils weak on global cues
"Edible oils weak on global cues
"Dr Reddy extends falls; Morgan Stanley
Dollar turns defensive on retail sales disappointment
Dollar edges down in Asia trade
"Dollar slips after weak US Sales
Over 5.6% stake in Dish TV pledged
Dhaniya futures contract under regulatory glare
Remain cautious on defence stocks: IV Subramaniam
DB Realty defers announcement of financial results
Currency markets likely to be choppy
Crude oil futures down on weak Asian cues
Crude oil: A tale of two crashes
Crude oil plunge sends global equity markets tumbling
Credit Suisse to wind down commodities trading
Coriander futures fall further on adequate supplies
Client default fears rise in coriander futures trade
Coriander futures decline 1.14 pc on sluggish demand
Copper futures fall 0.15% on profit-booking
Copper futures down on weak global cues
Copper futures fall 1.13% on global cues
Copper prices dive amid low overseas trends
Copper futures decline 0.15 pc on global cues
Copper softens on global cues
Copper falls in futures trade on global cues
Copper weakens in futures trade on global cues
Commodity exchange April-November turnover drops by 48%
Commexe Q1 turnover dips 65%: FMC
Commexe turnover dips 70 per cent
Commexes' turnover dips 70 per cent
Coal India down 2.5% on disappointing earnings
China yuan slips as PBOC signals range-bound trading
"China yuan slips
China shares down in morning trade
China shares end down as investors stay cautious
"Chilli teja futures hit lower circuit
Chana futures extend losses on sluggish demand
Higher supply drags down chana futures 0.40%
"Ample supply
Central Bank of India Q3 net dips 13%
Cement shares fall after freight rate hike
"Subdued demand
Caustic soda declines on reduced offtake
Caustic soda prices decline on reduced offtake
Castor seed prices drop in futures trade
Cashew prices decline on subdued demand
Cashew prices decline on subdued demand
Cardamom futures down on weak demand
Cardamom futures decline 0.47% on sluggish demand
Cardamom futures decline 0.53% on subdued demand
Cardamom futures extend losses on adequate stocks
Cardamom futures extend losses on sluggish demand
Cardamom futures fall 0.40% on sluggish demand
Cardamom futures fall 0.50 pc on profit booking
Cardamom prices soften 0.34% on profit-booking
Canara Bank shares fall; HSBC cuts to 'underperform'
Cairn India falls on Vedanta deal delay
Cairn India falls 2.2% after Brent crude drops
Cairn India falls 1.8% on ex-dividend day
Cadila slumps after Citi downgrade
Senior BSE veterans head for exit
"Brent crude near bearish territory
Morgan Stanley slashes Brent price forecasts
Brent drops below $97 on rising supply
Brent slips below $110 after Ukraine election
Brent dips toward $107 as ample supplies weigh
Brent falls below $109 as Libya restarts oilfield
Brent hovers below $103 as ample supply weighs
BPCL falls over 3%; refining below expectations
"BP shares plunge
Bosch's March quarter net slides 11.90%
Bosch reports 19% fall in profit for October-December
Bosch: Automotive business pulls down revenues and profits
Crunch time in bond market this week
Birla Corporation Q3 Net falls 50%
Biocon shares fall after July-September earnings
BHEL falls; HSBC downgrades to 'reduce'
Dependence on power sector may hit BHELs margins
Bharti Airtel slips on increasing VoIP rates
BGR Energy is a short sale: Deepak Mohini
Basmati rice remains weak on increased arrivals
Base metals remain weak on global cues
Select base metals fall on lower global trend
Base metal futures drop on global cues
Barley futures slip on profit-booking
Barley futures fall on subdued demand
"Avoid bank stocks: Prateek Agarwal
Bank of Baroda falls on MSCI deletion
"Balrampur Chini looking weak: Deepak Mohoni
Turbulence hits aviation stocks as reform hopes fade
Caution advisable in auto stocks: Dilip Bhat
AstraZeneca pegs back Britain's FTSE after takeover snub
Erratic gas supply hits Assam tea production
"Asian shares pressured by Wall Street
Asian shares tread cautiously after Brack Obama speech
"Fraud
Renewed global economy fears hit Asia markets
Bearish on Ashok Leyland: Gaurang Shah
"Arhar
"Arhar
ArcelorMittal sees slower steel demand in 2nd half
Apple's momentum 'meltdown' bites investors
Apple shares slide in $9.5 billion turnover
Amtek Auto tumbles on default fears
Aluminium futures down on overseas trend
Aluminium futures weaken on global cues
Aluminium futures down 0.88% on global cues
Aluminium futures soften 0.16% on global cues
Almond futures extend losses on increased supply
Almond declines on reduced offtake
Almond prices decline on reduced offtake
Airline stocks fall as crude prices surge
NCDEX hikes transaction charges on agri-commodities
Monsoon Impact: Agri futures hit lower circuit
ACC net dips 31% in 2010
ACC net profit down 7% in April-June
ACC operating profit may lag estimates: StarMine Report
Cautious on ABB: Gaurav Mehta
Little cautious on ABB: Avinnash Gorakssakar
"ABB: Fewer orders
"10-yr bond pares early gains
10-yr bond retreats from one-year high on profit-taking
10-year bond falls on profit-booking
10-year bond yield off 13-month low on profit-booking
Nandan Nilekani resigns as UIDAI chief
Tokyo stocks slip 0.13% by break
Steel prices end quiet in thin trade
Osian's Art Fund approaches Tribunal against Sebi order
MFs get Sebi warning for violating investor norms
Sebi bars three firms from mobilising public money
Exporters slump on rupee strength
Pulse prices show a mixed trend
Over 275 independent directorships vacant at NSE-listed companies
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; inflation data eyed
Network18 group CEO B Sai Kumar quits
MTNL CMD Sinha quits; controversy rages on
Milestone Capital withdraws IPO application
GO short on midcap stocks: Ashwani Gujral
Cost pressures to continue over next quarter: IL&FS
Dish TV Q3 loss at Rs 38.25 crore
Major currencies eerily calm as geopolitical risk lingers
Consumers wont benefit from commodity price dip
Recommend to hold Cipla: Mayuresh Joshi
Chinese yuan nearly flat after APEC summit
Bombay Stock Exchange suspends trading in 49 companies
Zinc succumbs to profit-booking; softens 0.18 per cent
"3 Sebi staff being probed in bribery
Aluminium futures weaken by 0.08% on low spot demand
Ample stocks drag down mentha oil futures by 1.51%
Analyst View: Frontline banking stocks trading below psychological levels
Andhra Bank net profit down 36% as provisions doubles
Appreciating rupee responsible for CNX IT downfall: Pankaj Pandey
ARM leads FTSE lower; investors cautious before Scotland votes
Ashok Leyland Q3 net loss at Rs 167 crore
Ashok Leyland reports Rs 25 crore loss in Q2
Asia shares edged lower ahead of US jobs figures
Asia stocks slip as China service data sours mood
Asian shares fall as Malaysia jet downing hits sentiment
Assocham urges government to probe price manipulation at NCDEX
AstraZeneca Pharma Q1 net loss at Rs 8 crore
Aurobindo Pharma's longer term trend turned down: Deepak Mohoni
"Australia shares dip to 2-week lows on banks
Australian dollar drops to 5.5-year low after ECB move
Australian dollar hits 4-1/2-year low on China growth worries
Avantha Holdings Ltd to sell 7% in Crompton Greaves
Avoid metals until clarity on coal block allocation: Analysts
"Avoid Tech Mahindra: Sandeep Wagle
Bajaj Auto falls over 2.5% as Nigeria devalues currency
"Bajaj Finserv rights issue at Rs 650/share
Balasore Alloys faces shutdown by year-end over power arrears
Banks reduce lending to mills as sugar prices fall
Bears beat bulls - are markets in downward spiral?
BEML will go as low as 540: Ashwani Gujral
Better to avoid sugar stocks for now: Gaurang Shah
BoB Q2 numbers pathetic; expect further downside:  Chokkalingam
BofA-ML sees over 20% downside in Amara Raja Batteries
"Bond investors factor in rate cut
BP shares in focus after US doubles spill estimate
Brazil's leftover coffee sales may send ICE Futures lower
Brent crude falls below $84 on global growth concerns
Brent falls below $60 for first time since 2009
British pound hits 14-month low after dovish BoE report
Brokerages lower ITC target price as Q3 results disappoint
Brokerages remain bearish on HUL as growth challenges remain
Brokers call: Morgan Stanley stays underweight on Hero MotoCorp
"Broking firms lower earnings estimates for Nifty
"Cairn India falls post Q1 results
Cairn India Q3 net drops 14% on forex losses
Capital goods stocks may lead markets down: Ashwani Gujral
Cardamom futures decline 0.71 per cent  on profit-booking
Cardamom futures decline 1.01 per cent on subdued demand
"Cardamom futures extend losses
Chana futures decline 0.25 per cent on increased supplies
Cheap imports key concern for tyre makers: Sachin Shah
"Chennai Petroleum shuts refinery due to flooding
"China yuan eases
CIL shares fall over 2 per cent post earnings
Comex gold prices inch lower in early noon trades
"Commodity prices fall on oversupply
Consumption stocks and midcaps the weakest sectors: Ashwani Gujral
"Copper futures fall 0.08% on Asian cues
"Coriander down 1.30 pc on weak demand
Crisis Call: Amtek auto admits temporary cash flow mismatch
Crompton Greaves dips on worries over likely Q3 loss
Crude oil futures down 0.23% on weak Asian trend
Crude oil futures plunge 2.57% on weak Asian cues
Crude palm oil futures decline 0.34% on sluggish demand
Crude palm oil prices decline 0.45% on sluggish demand
"Crudes slide continues
Dalmia Bharat posts Rs 12.39 crore loss in Q3
Decline in China currency Yuan could fan trade tensions
DEN Networks rallies as RBI hikes FII investment limit
Dhanteras: Demand slump dampens festival; gold fever cools down
Disappointing Q4 show pulls DLF down to 2-year low
DLF IPO disclosure case: Sebi imposes Rs 85-crore penalties
Do not prefer Polaris at current valuation: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Do not see Ranbaxy crossing Rs 450: Sandeep Wagle
Dollar slips after US Federal more dovish than expected
Dollar wilts in wake of downbeat US GDP revision
Dollar wobbles on track for half-year loss vs yen
Downside of 105-110 levels possible for PFC: Ashwani Gujral
"Drug makers slump; US FDA scrutiny
DTC proposal to create volatility in stock markets: Analysts
Egypt may extend gains; more earnings misses in Gulf
Egypt stock market plunges on reports of new taxes
EID Parry posts Rs 103.08 cr loss for Apr-Jun
Engineers India FPO gets lukewarm response on Day 1
"Entire midcap IT sector would underperform: Hemang Jani
Era Infra Engineering plunges into red on lower sales
Essar stocks fall; group signs pacts with Russian firms
"Euro slides to 11-month low against yen
Euro-dollar trades sideways amid lack of interest in pair
European shares fall for fourth session in a row
European shares head for first weekly drop since April
"European shares hit 13-month low on growth
"Europe's low-rated bonds stutter on China
Exit of hot money could put pressure on rupee
"F&O Tracker: Foxed by market slide
F&O volumes plunge as VIX sinks to new low
F&O: Nifty likely to face resistance at 5100 level
"FII inflows slowing
Five reasons why investors should stay away from Infosys
Forecasters see rupee weakening to 59.5 by March 2014
Forex losses trim 8pc of Nifty companies' profits: Crisil
FTSE falls as Hong Kong unrest hits Asia-exposed stocks
Global LNG-Asian prices continue to slide on weak demand
Global LNG-Prices drop to lowest levels since April 2011
GMR posts Rs 593-crore consolidated loss for June quarter
"Gold below $1
Gold declines after 17-week high spurs selling by traders
Gold futures decline 0.18 per cent on global cues
Google shares tumbles 2.3 per cent as profit dips
Grasim Industry Q2 net down to Rs 346 crore
Greeks brace for stock market carnage after five-week shutdown
Guargum futures decline over 2% on weak spot cues
Guarseed slips in futures trade on weak export demand
Gur prices decline on heavy supply of new gur
Hefty fine for 'insider trade' looms over Reliance Industries
High pressure on pharma margins; buy JB Chemicals: Sharekhan
Hindalco's profit after tax expected to decline by 33%
"Hong Kong shares at 2-1/2-month low
"Hong Kong shares close down on China
Hong Kong shares slip as Wall Street cools off
HPCL shares fall 2.5% as gross refining margins disappoint
"HUL's Q2 profit flat
"IDFC shares fall on profit-taking
Indian Overseas Bank Q2 loss at Rs 245 crore
Indices plumb new lows after US stocks post record
Infosys slips after Citi downgrades stock ahead of results
Infotech Enterprises Q4 profit slides 23% in March quarter
International Energy Agency sees low oil prices until 2020
IOB net profit down 73.81% to Rs 102 crore
IOB Q4 net profit declines at Rs 58.60 crore
IOC reports Rs 961-crore net loss in December quarter
IOC shares down 2.5% on sluggish December quarter earnings
Iron ore eyes longest weekly losing streak since 2012
Jindal Stainless Q3 net loss at Rs 301 crore
"JSPL hits 52-week low
JSPL Q4 net down 39% to Rs 477.45 crore
JSW Steel slips over 4% as CBI registers inquiry
Kapas futures fall 2 pc on weak global cues
"Known parties manipulated trades on MCX
"Koutons Retail: High debt
Lanco Infratech Q1 net loss at Rs 300 crore
Mahesh Kothari Share & Stock Brokers is defaulter: BSE
Maintaining profits may get tougher now for ICICI Bank
Maize futures decline Rs 58 on weak spot demand
Marico looks bullish but don't buy it: Sandeep Wagle
Market taking bearish or a negative position: Ashwani Gujral
Masket Q2 numbers disappoint; IT firms struggling: Mayuresh Joshi
Mastek: Company fails to make most of IT revival
Meltdown in China has metal stocks sinking in India
"Mentha oil remains down on low demand
Metals likely to underperform on the upside: Ashwani Gujral
MOIL Q2 net down 17% at Rs 90.56 cr
Moody's downgrades Tata Steel UK's rating by one notch
Mustardseed futures slip on weak trend in spot market
"NCDs lose ground
NDTV posts Q1 net loss at Rs 60.8 cr
"Near-term pressures for Telecom negative: IV Subramanium
Negative about aviation sector as a whole: G Chokkalingam
"Nifty turns choppy after hitting 7
Novartis India denies delisting plans; stock plunges over 13%
"NPA situation in banks poor
Nucleus Software Q4 net dips 51.74 pc; stock down
"Oil prices tumble to $45
"Oil
OMC stocks are not very fundamental call: UTI AMC
Onion prices down 10-15% in Maharashtra on better supplies
Onion Prices may retreat in October on high supplies
Oracle Financial Services plunges on dispute with Irish customer
"Orchid Chemicals is a sell: Ashwani Gujral
Outperformance of CNX IT may not continue: Ashwani Gujral
Overweight on cement sector at current juncture: BP Singh
Packaging cos plunge on plastic ban for gutka products
Panacea Biotec Q2 net loss at Rs 56 crore
Pantaloons reports loss of Rs 15.66 crore in Q3
Petrol price hike is definitely on the cards: Sethuram
Pipavav Defence scrip plunges 10% on lower-than-expected purchase price
Piramal Enterprises Q3 net loss at Rs 11 crore
Platinum supplies may be hit if Africa unrest spirals
Polaris Financial hits lower circuit of 5% post demerger
Police frame charges against Jignesh Shah in NSEL scam
Power stocks may suffer in shorter term: Avinnash Gorakssakar
"PowerGrid Q2 net profit declines to Rs 1
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 6650 levels
"Pressure likely on commodity prices: Saurabh Mukherjea
"PSUs languishing in valuations
Public offers feel heat of sliding market in 2011
Pulse prices dip by 4% -5% but tur defiant
Punjab farmers advised to sell potato harvest in March
Ranbaxy Laboratories: Settlement takes away gains from Lipitor launch
Raymond slips post drop of 86% in Q2 profit
RCF Q3 net falls 28% to Rs 52.90 crore
Recommend short term trading in PSU banks: G Chokkalingam
redBus founders Phanindra Sama and Charan Padmaraju exit Ibibo
Refined soya oil futures remain weak on sluggish demand
Refined soya oil futures weaken on low spot demand
"Retail investors should avoid Infrastructure: Rajesh Jain
Risk reward in Infosys unfavourable at current levels: Nomura
Risk reward not favourable for Tata Motors: Hemang Jani
"Rupee drops 7 paise
Rupee falls 17 paise against dollar in early trade
"Rupee hits over 9-mth low
Rupee slips against US dollar as Iraq violence intensifies
"Rupee trims early losses
Russia RTS index down 4 percent to five-year low
Russian rouble slips as support from tax period fades
S.Korean stocks slip on persistent foreign selling; won down
Sahara group listed scrips slip after Subrata Roy's arrest
SAT upholds order against Ram Kaashyap Investment and promoter
SAT upholds SEBI ruling against FTIL on stake sales
"SBI's downside is of concern: CK Narayan
Sebi bars Haldhar Realty from raising money from investors
Sebi bars Rising Agrotech from fund raising via securities
Sebi imposes Rs 4.5 lakh fine on Rajlaxmi Industries
Sebi imposes Rs 5 lakh fine on Serene Industries
Sebi imposes Rs 5 lakh fine on Sunrise Proteins
Selling pressure may continue in Sesa Goa: Seshadri Bharathan
Sesa Sterlite slips over 2% as government challenges merger
Shalimar Paints Q3 dips 67.16% at Rs 1.54 crore
Share price of ITC Ltd crashes by over 6%
Shareholder LIC cautions L&T to keep off its territory
"Shortsell ICICI Bank: CK Narayan
"Significant corrections from these levels unlikely: Ashwani Gujral
Silver extends weakness in futures trade on overseas cues
Sistema bonds tank further; Federal Reserve rattles emerging assets
Sistema chairman Vladimir Yevtushenkov's house arrest sends stocks crashing
Skeptical on sustainability of rally in Indian markets: BofA-ML
Skip Reliance Power for other power stocks: Seshadri Bharathan
Sobha Q2 net down 33% at Rs 40 crore
SpiceJet reports Q4 net loss at Rs 321.5 crore
"SREI Infra is a sell: Ashwani Gujral
SSTL Q2 net loss narrows at Rs 400.4 crore
"Stay Away from ADAG basket: Ashwani Gujral
Stretched valuations likely to keep Emami stock under pressure
Sugar futures trade lower by 0.15% on higher supply
Sugar turns bitter for india mills as losses mount
"Supply crunch
Surging oil marketing companies may stumble on subsidy woes
Surya Pharma CDR fails; bankers to start recovery process
TBZ Q3 net dips 23pc to Rs 19.07 crore
Technology stocks in decline stoke fear in US investors
Tecpro Systems ties up with Pneuplan Oy; stock down
Tesco woes drag down Britain FTSE 100 share index
Texmaco Rail & Engineering posts lower Q2 net profit
There are near term issues with Infosys: IV Subramaniam
Time to book out of Sesa Sterlite: Ambareesh Baliga
Tin bear market shuts 70% of Indonesia's smelting capacity
Transglobal sells Kingfisher Airlines shares worth Rs 7.43 cr
Trent Ltd slips nearly 4% despite strong Q1 show
"Turkish lira sapped by political uncertainty
UltraTech Cement numbers not that good: P Phani Sekhar
Ultratech Cements profit declines 6% to Rs 591 crore
Uninor suffers Rs 134 crore operating loss in Q1
Union Bank Q4 net drops 23% on higher provisioning
"Upside is limited in textile space: Ambareesh Baliga
Valuations in auto ancillary sector look stretched: Sandip Sabharwal
"Vedanta's track record comes under review
VIX slump to a 9-month low catches punters short
Wall Street ends near flat as Russia concerns linger
"Wall Street rebounds
Weak demand and tariff war weigh on hotel stocks
"Weak demand
Wealthy investors may not profit from Muthoot finance issue
Weekly review: Rupee falls for second week against dollar
West Coast Paper plunges 11% on stake sale reports
White sugar likely to lose premium on global glut
World oil prices sink further on mounting US supply
"World stocks down on weak data
Yield of Dollar bonds plunges to a 9-year low
Yuan depreciation may augur bad news for Indian exports
Zinc futures decline 0.61 per cent on subdued demand
200 tonnes of gold to illegally enter India this year
3 firms approach Sebi with rights issue offer in January
ACC Q2 net dips 79 pc to Rs 86.31 cr
Airtel elevates Abhay Savargaonkar as CTO as Jagbir Singh resigns
Ample stocks drag down sugar futures by 0.44 per cent
Australia shares fall to their lowest in over 7 months
"Australia shares slip on concern over Greece
Auto stocks fall on fears of hike in excise duty
Avoid Ipca on management and US FDA issues: Kunj Bansal
Benchmark Brent crude bears the scars of more U.S. oil
Better to avoid Aban Offshore despite appreciation: Microsec Capital Ltd
Blue Star Q4 net profit down at Rs 56.85 crore
"Bonds fall after RBI cuts lender SLR
"Brent falls below $86
Brent falls towards $57 as demand concerns outweigh supply disruptions
Brent holds near $106 after ample supply pulls down prices
Britannia Q3 PAT declines 36.9 pc to Rs 29.1 cr
Bullish commodity bets fell most in seven weeks before slump
"Cairn India Q3 PAT down 5% at 2
Canara Bank Q3 net profit drops 42.39% on higher provisioning
Canara Bank Q4 profit down 16% at Rs 611 crore
Cardamom declines 0.60% in futures trade on low spot demand
Cautious even at current levels on OMCs: ING Investment Management
"Cement cos: Weak demand
CESC has been experiencing volatility for few days: Mitesh Thacker
"China shares edge lower on supply concerns
China yuan edges down on weak midpoint and FDI data
China yuan set for biggest weekly loss in two months
Chinese yuan's winning streak broken by Swiss central bank move
Cipla Q1 net profit lags estimates as higher costs hurt
CNX IT is out of the sell mode: Mitesh Thacker
"Concerned over grey market growth
Copper futures fall 0.16 per cent on weak global cues
Copper futures fall 0.32 per cent on weak global cues
Cost to hedge sterling swings rises as Scottish vote looms
"Credit Suisse downgrades Coal India
Cyclicals have disappointed the investors time and again: Harendra Kumar
DB Realty may find bank loans drying up; stock falls
"DCB promoters stake to come down by 5%
Delta Corp can get down to 40 levels: Ashwani Gujral
DGH to question RIL on falling KG output; stock falls
Did the Indian government deliberately allow the rupee to fall?
Dish TV posts loss of Rs 16.05 crore in Q1
DLF Ltd slips as High Court cancels 300-acre land allotment
DLF shares tumble 28% to 7-year low on Sebi ban
"Do not prefer telecom in long-term: Harendra Kumar
Do not prefer United Spirits at current levels: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Dollar falters as Iraq air strike order saps risk appetite
Dollar sinks deeper in Asia on low US bond yields
Doubts undermine stocks as ECB faces 1 trillion euro question
Dredging Corporation falls as government plans to sell 5% stake
"Earning preview: Infosys operating profit may lag estimates
"Easy ride over for shipping companies
"Edelweiss says fiscal deficit
Edserv IPO case: SAT upholds Sebi fine on Keynote Corporate
"Education body accuses Sebi's arm of conflict of interest
Egypt two-wheeler import ban likely to hit Bajaj Auto hard
Elder Pharma slumps after company says facing severe financial crunch
Emerging market stocks fall on Iraqi violence; Gulf markets stabilise
Empee Distilleries reports Q3 net loss at Rs 2.47 crore
Engineering stocks not really strong at the moment: Deepak Mohoni
Euro pressured by expectations of ECB easing; eyes recent lows
Euro zone yields bounce after Fed officials play down minutes
European shares hit 4-1/2 month low on concerns over Iraq
European shares steady; set for first weekly drop since April
Exide Industries shares tank over 6% as Q3 net dips
F&O Tracker: Markets likely to shift to a lower range
Fear of post-poll price drop draws people to sell gold
Few levers of growth for Hindustan Unilever in near term
German shares lag in Europe as Ukraine conflict hits ZEW
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Q1 net dips 43% to Rs 96.5 crore
"Global stocks slump as ECB disappoints
GMR Group plans to sell stake in Karur Vysya Bank
"Go short on MCX: CK Narayan
"Godrej Properties October-December net profit up 5%
"Gold hovers below 3-month high; US jobs data
"Gold
Gontermann-Peipers (India) posts Rs 5.65 crore net loss in Q1
Greek referendum: Top traders on MCX Net short gold futures
"Guargum futures drop Rs 360 on weak domestic
Hardening rupee fails to attract NRIs to invest in India
"HDFC Bank Q4 disappoints
"Heidelberg Cement: High costs
Hero MotoCorp slips over 2% on disappointing Q1 net profit
Hinduja Global Q3 net down 7.22% at Rs 28.01 cr
Hindustan Copper Q3 net down 9% to Rs 69 crore
Hong Kong index inches down from highest level since December
"Hong Kong shares close down on weak financials
Hong Kong shares end at 2-month low amid policy uncertainty
Hotel Leelaventure Q4 net loss narrows to Rs 57.14 crore
HSBC fall weighs on UK FTSE as rebound loses steam
HT Media Q3 net down 4.55% to Rs 63.97 crore
HUL fails to grow Q1 net profit amid uncertain demand
"Hyundai Motors shares slips 10%
ICEX faces uncertain future; trading suspended for over 12 months
ICICI Bank shares fall nearly 2 per cent post earnings
"Idea Cellular plunges 8.4%
Idea Q2 net profit falls 18% to Rs 180 cr
IFCI tanks as Sebi approves government's stake hike to 55.57%
"IIP data below market expectations: Vikas Khemani
Illegal money pooling activities: Sebi bars three companies from Street
India Inc raises Rs 4-lakh crore from markets; debt preferred
"Indiabulls sacrificed corporate governance
Indo Rama Synthetics Q2 net loss at Rs 61.36 crore
"Indonesian rupiah weakens 1.1 per cent to 13
Indonesian stock index falls 2 per cent as rupiah depreciates
Infotech PAT down 16% on higher operating expenses; topline up
"Infrastructure stocks dying for reforms: Dhiraj Sachdev
Investor flight from US stocks fails to lift bond market
Ipca Labs Q2 net nosedives 81% to Rs 12 crore
Ipca Labs tumbles 10.6 per cent on Credit Suisse downgrade
IT major Wipro slips as Q1 growth lags industry average
IT stocks fall as much as 5% on strong rupee
ITC's profitability at the net level was disappointing: Avinnash Gorakssakar
"Jaypee Group stocks plunge on high volumes
JGBs extend losses as market feels heat from Bunds rout
JP Associates' Q2 profit nearly halved at Rs 68 crore
"JSPL shares tank over 8.5%; mcap down Rs 1
Jubilant Foodworks Q1 net down 18% at Rs 27.72 crore
Jubilant Life plunges 14.2 per cent after posting wider loss
"Kalindee Rail likely to break prior lows: Sandeep Wagle
Kalindee Rail slumps 10% after board okays merger with Texmaco
Kaveri loses almost a third of mcap on pending royalties
Key consequences of China's stock market crash by Citi research
L&T trims its order book; raises concern about its peers
"Major South-east Asian stocks fall
Maytas Infra Sept quarter net loss at Rs 528.79 cr
"Media industry has disappointed: Dipan Mehta
Merrill Lynch sells over 50 lakh shares of Ansal Properties
Metal stocks sink as China PMI data raises demand concerns
Mid-caps lose sheen as EM currency rout takes a toll
Midcaps rebound from August 2013 lows as large caps struggle
MNC stocks tumble as Sebi's stiff delisting norms hit home
"Modi loses
"MphasiS slips over 5% on HP revenue concerns
MRF shares tank over 7 per cent on poor earnings
Murli Indst to dilute stake to partly-fund 3 cement plants
Network18 Media reports Rs 11.72 crore loss in December quarter
NMCE asks members dealing with NSEL defaulters to be alert
"NSEL scam: Borrowers routed Rs 4
OBC tanks over 5% as December quarter PAT falls 91%
Oil prices edge lower as Iran talks extend beyond deadline
Oil's rebound could take a detour in 2016: Morgan Stanley
ONGC slips on buzz that govt increased fuel subsidy burden
Page Industries is not an investment bet now: Rajat Bose
Parrys sugar reports Q1 net loss at Rs 20.12 crore
Petronet LNG slips nearly 5% on stake sale by ADB
Pfizer Q1 net profit dips 3% at Rs 46 crore
PFS net profit plunges 66 per cent in fourth quarter
PNB shares down nearly 5 per cent as earnings disappoint
Poor show of tiles may give Prism Cement margin jitters
Pound in pain as cuts push UK to print cash
Pressure on Nifty may stay for a while: Deepak Mohoni
Private banks rally may stall as FII stake nears limit
Raghuram Rajan's 'rate-cut' talk fails to cheer markets; Sensex plunges
Rail stocks fall as Sadananda Gowda presents Rail Budget 2014
Rallis India shares tank over 6% on weak Q2 results
Regulatory uncertainties holding the rally in telecom sector: BP Singh
"Reject Tata Motors FD plan
Repco Home makes weak stock market debut; tanks over 6%
Resource oriented stocks are a negative buy today: Anu Jain
Risk to reward ratio looks unattractive in Indian markets: CLSA
"Russian shares edge down
SAIL to speed up coal acquisition plan abroad; stock down
Saint-Gobain sees big sell-off post plans to merge Grindwell Norton
Samsung shares down over 7 pc after losing patent case
Sanofi India shares tank over 10% on price control order
Sebi imposes Rs 3 lakh fine on Tak Machinery promoters
See 7900-7950 as key resistance level for Nifty: Gaurav Mehta
Sell Arvind with target price of Rs 137: Prakash Gaba
Sell Hexaware with target price of Rs 109: Prakash Gaba
SELL LIC with a target of Rs 385: Prakash Gaba
Sell M&M with target price of Rs 845: Ashwani Gujral
SELL OBC with a target of Rs 170: Mitesh Thacker
Sell PFC with a target of Rs 166: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Tech Mahindra with target of Rs 2598: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Titan with a target of Rs 380: Mitesh Thacker
Sensex loses 1.6% as Euro zone September growth contracts sharply
"Sesa Sterlite results fail to surprise Street
Silver demand could fall 7 per cent in 2014: Report
Small-caps bear the brunt as wary investors head to exit
Smuggling of gold sees a decline as its demand softens
SPARC net loss widens to Rs 9.40 crore in Q4
SRG Housing Finance extends closure of IPO amid bank strike
Stakeholders stall Eros International's $50 million plan to launch channels
"Stocks head for worst quarter since euro crisis
Sun Pharma Advanced Research Q1 loss at Rs 9.74 crore
Sun Pharma falls despite earnings being in line with estimates
Sun TV shares fall about 6% as earnings lag estimates
Sundaram Clayton sells 4 shares via offer for sale route
Tata Communications slips over 2 per cent post Q4 results
Telecom space not prudent for long-term investors: ICICI Prudential AMC
Tesco turnaround hits other supermarkets as European shares hold steady
Three factors that hit markets; Sensex ends 240 points down
Tilaknagar Industries slumps after ABD calls off talks of acquisition
Tirupati Inks tanks 16 pc in debut trade on BSE
Torrent Pharma Q4 net dips 27.56% to Rs 42.84 crore
TPG David Bonderman says 'Narendra Modi euphoria' makes India overpriced
Tribunal asks Sebi to select SRO afresh for MF distributors
TTK Prestige Q2 net profit slips to Rs 27.98 crore
Turkish lira hits 11-month low as media raid jars nerves
TV Today Network Q1 net loss at Rs 35 lakh
UltraTech Q4 net down 16.27 pc at Rs 726.20 crore
Unitech promoters cut shareholding by 12.93% between April and June
Unitech Q3 profit down by 61% at Rs 32.82 crore
Use rallies in metal space to book profits: Gaurang Shah
"User growth for Twitter starts to slow
Vikram Oberoi revokes all pledged shares in EIH; shares fall
Wall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
"Wall Street ends down as energy shares decline
Wall Street falls as Wal-Mart's weak forecast drags on retailers
Wary of midcap stocks amid economic slowdown: Hemindra  Hazari
Whats dragging the stock of Central Bank of India down?
Wipro's chart is not looking very positive:  Rajat Bose
"Won't look at textile space: Sajiv Dhawan
"Worried about Infosys' stability of margins: Saurabh Mukherjea
Yellow Fever: Up to 15-tonne gold gone in three days
"Yen weakens as risk sentiment improves
Yes Bank falls nearly 3% after MSCI excludes from indexes
ZACL Q2 net profit falls 86% to Rs 3.12 crore
10-year bond yield hits 16-1/2 month low on rate cut hopes
2014 Lok Sabha elections: Nifty seen opening lower; poll results eyed
"2G auction: Will high bids hurt telecom stocks
5 reasons behind Sensex's 600-pt slip and why investors needn't worry
ACC net profit dips 31 pc to Rs 1077.53cr in 2010
ACC shares fall; Q2 net dips 45% to Rs 133 cr
Advisory firm asks investors to reject Indiabulls Real Estate's preferential issue
"After DLF exit
AGC Networks Q1 net down 47.18 pc at Rs 5.73 cr
Agri stocks to remain subdued in the short term: Nitin Raheja
"Air India posts a loss of Rs 5
Alok Industries Q1 net down by 49% at Rs 30.07 crore
Alstom India registers Rs 7.58 crore  loss in third quarter
Aluminium futures weaken as traders reduc exposure amid weak global cues
"Aluminium trades at lower level on global cues
"Ambit Capital sees 25% downside in L&T
"Analysts divided over Nestle; some say 'Hold'
Astrazeneca Pharma India falls 3%; SEBI says exchanges to monitor delisting
"Avoid Reliance Power: Prakash Diwan
Back-to-back AGMs of Reliance ADAG companies not in shareholders interest: Experts
Balrampur Chini reports net loss of Rs 9.77 crore in Q1
Bharti Airtel slips on bourses; m-cap erodes by Rs 994 crore
Bhushan Steel slips 5% on rating downgrade; down 60% since August
Bill Gates dumped a huge amount of Microsoft stock this year
Biocon Q4 Net dips 54 per cent at Rs 113 crore
Bleak quarter seen for India Incs earnings growth amid low demand
"Bloodbath on Dalal Street
Bonds pare losses after Arvind Mayaram comment on consumer price index
"Brent crude holds above $97
"Brent crude slips back towards $97
"Brent falls below $113
Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extends
BSE gets an earful from SAT for denying payment to broker
BSE Metal Index pares losses as Rajya Sabha passes MMDR Bill
"BSE shuts down
BSE slumps 2 per cent as rupee weakens amid global rout
"BSE
Ceat Q4 net down 3.86 per cent at Rs 62.42 crore
"Challenging for companies to raise money: U K Sinha
Chambal Fertilisers Q3 net profit down 6% to Rs 90.28 crorepti
Chances of a pullback likely on Nifty in near-term: Mitesh Thacker
"China Agricultural Bank sells $1 billion debut ""green bond"" in London"
China yuan slips in 2014; first major decline since 2005 revaluation
Cipla plunges over 5% as Q3 net profit lags Street estimates
Cipla Q4 net down 22.33 per cent to Rs 214 cr
Citigroup sells shares worth Rs 480 cr of 35 Indian cos
Commex intra-day turnover slips as commodity transaction tax comes into force
Commodity exchanges turnover drops by 39% till Feb 15 in FY'14
Competition is going to get tougher in telecom sector: Amit Khurana
Consumer stocks may feel the heat of sectoral churning: Nirav Sheth
Contra Call: Not all analysts have ONGC on their buy list
Controlling shareholders to sell $300 mn of shares in Hero MotoCorp
Coromandel Intl's Q4 net tanks 82.55 pc to Rs 11.67 cr
Court freezes Rs 126 crore  assets of NSEL defaulting firm
Cox & Kings Q1 net dips 5% to Rs 128.09 crore
"Credit Suisse cuts Bharti Airtel to Underperform
Crude oil remains down in futures trade on weak Asian cues
Cyient cracks on reports PE firm Carlyle may offload 10% stake
Deccan Chronicle Holdings posts loss of Rs 46.57 cr in Q4
Deccan Chronicle Holdings Q3 net profit down at Rs 35.18 cr
"Did Coal India offer for sale prevent Nifty from hitting 9
"Difficult for market to cross 6
Dip in liquidity deficit likely in next few months: Axis Bank
Dish TV Q4 loss widens over three-fold to Rs 149.05 crore
Dollar hits fresh 2-week low in wake of dovish Fed minutes
EIH posts consolidated net loss of Rs 5.23 cr in FY11
Elder Pharma defaults on Rs 261 crore interest payment on debentures
Electrosteel Castings Q2 net profit down 35% to Rs 12.77 crore
Escorts Q1 net down 41.49 per cent at Rs 34.11 crore
"Euro hit by concerns over tougher Russia sanctions
Euro rebounds in Asia after drop on ECB easing plan reports
"Euro
Euronext shares fall 3 per cent on first day of trading
"European shares led lower by Germany DAX
Eveready Q4 net dips 96 per cent to Rs 3.86 cr
"Exercise caution on Infosys amid management row
Exposure to industry makes ICICI Bank unattractive to investors: Deepak Shenoy
"F & O Tracker: Short Nifty around 6300
"Facebook profit falls 9 per cent as costs soar
"Falling prices
Farmers may shift from Chana as prices fall below 10-15% MSP
Fed taper pulls down Sensex by 149 pts to two-month low
"FIIs withdraw Rs 2
Financial Technologies slips nearly 5% on delay in MCX stake sale
FMC to take action against NSEL for violating norms: KV Thomas
"Foreign brokerages expect a market correction
Fortis Q2 net loss at Rs 58 crore; CEO resignation accepted
Fuel cost spike lands Jet Airways in the red in Q4
Future prices of agriculture commodities tumble on rumours of trade ban
Gitanjali Gems Q2 net plunges 75 pc to Rs 37.82 crore
Glencore shares dive 27.5% in Hong Kong on global commodities slump
"Global
Go short in metal stocks that are in green: Ashwani Gujral
Godrej Properties Q4 net profit down 9% to Rs 48.34 crore
Gold choppy after Fed signals on track for 2015 rate hikes
Gold declines by Rs 140 on weak global cues; silver recovers
Gold declines to 1-week low as Fed seen cutting more stimulus
"Gold dives below Rs 28
Gold extends losses for 3rd day on subdued demand; global cues
Great Offshore's net profit falls by 12.75% to Rs 47.98 cr
Greenply Q3 standalone net profit declines 2.82% to Rs 28.54 crore
Havells falls 7% as earnings estimate is cut in analyst meet
Healthcare shares knock FTSE after announcement of new US tax rules
Hedge fund big bets on energy companies pummeled in third quarter
"High ATF prices
Hikal Q4 net down 66.8 per cent at Rs 3.07 crore
"Hindustan Zinc Q4 profit declines 13 pc to Rs 1
HT Media Q4 consolidated net down 13.07% at Rs 34.84 crore
I would suggest to stay away from telecom stocks: G Chokkalingam
"IBM posts 4 per cent drop in quarterly revenue
IDBI Bank Q1 net down 28 pc at Rs 307 crore
"IIFL executives Bharat Parajia
"India Cement shares weighed down by promoter N Srinivasan travails
Indian bonds slump to 2014 lows on concerns about cash conditions
"Indian markets may follow world trend
Indian Oil profit drops 35 per cent as refining margins shrink
"Infosys can slip to Rs 2
Infosys slips below Rs 3200 levels; falls most since June 23
Investments via P-Notes dropped to Rs 2.36 lakh crore in December
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive's June quarter PBT down 286 million YoY
Jain Irrigation ends in red; Morgan Stanley upgrades stock to 'equal-weight'
Jaiprakash Power Ventures dips 14% on asset sale plans to TAQA
JBF Industries Q1 net profit falls 60% to Rs 4 crore
"Jignesh Shah
JSW Energy December quarter profit after tax drops 34 per cent
Kansai Nerolac Paints Q1 net down 4% at Rs 61 cr
Kaveri seeds reports net loss of Rs 47.52 crore in Q2
Lanco Infratech September quarter net loss widens to Rs 581 crore
LIC trims stake in Infosys to 3.25%; garners Rs 850 crore
"Limited upside seen in Texmaco & Kalindee: Ambareesh Baliga
"Liquidity overhang hits SBI margin
London copper near 6-year lows; plunge in miner shares spooks market
Maharashtra likely to have 100 lakh tonnnes sugarcane uncrushed this season
"Markets may go into Budget in subdued fashion: Ashwani Gujral
Maruti skids 9% as board approves 100% Suzuki subsidiary in Gujarat
Metals continue to correct on demand woes as China data disappoints
"Mexico ""very unlikely"" to reopen $1.1 billion oil hedge program: Source"
Mumbai HC bars Hyderabad based Manshi Systems from copying NSE data
"Nickel futures down 0.27 per cent on overseas cues
"Nifty may show signs of weakness; IT
Nifty still choppy; might hit 7960 on the upside: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty50 in a no-trade zone due to holiday-truncated week: Sandeep Wagle
Novartis Q2 Net down 69 per cent; transfers animal health business
NZ dollar hits 1-year low after central bank chief's FX comments
"Once hot
OPEC price war in Asia intensifies as oil falls below $50
Oriental Bank of Commerce posts Q4 net loss at 178 crore
"Overall trend is down for Anant Raj Industries: Deepak Mohoni
Panacea Biotec posts net loss at Rs 66 crore in Q1
Pantaloons Fashion & Retail Ltd Q4 loss at Rs 70.75 crore
Patel Engineering is on the verge of breaking down: Ashwani Gujral
Petronet LNG reports 30 per cent drop in Q1 net profit
Pharma stocks unlikely to lead next leg of rally: Deepak Shenoy
Pidilite Industries Q4 net profit at Rs 29.25 cr; stock down
"Politics holds Indian market back slightly
Poor Q4 earnings pull down Eveready stock by over 7 pc
"Post Q2 results & guidance
"PowerGrid Corporation of India scraps Rs 3
Pressure on margins amidst intensifying competition in store for Colgate Palmolive
"Pressure on market until Fed meets: Prateek Agarwal
Pretty good chance of intermediate downtrend in the markets: Deepak Mohoni
Puravankara Projects Q4 net profit at Rs 17 cr; stock down
Q1 earnings: Aurobindo Pharma net loss seen at Rs 65 cr
Q1 earnings: Loss widens for Suzlon Energy on high interest cost
Rail stocks plunge upto 20% for second day in a row
Railway stocks derail ahead of the budget; Wagon makers in focus
Ranbaxy plunges 20% as USFDA halts drug imports from Toansa plant
"Range bound activity could continue for many weeks: Ashwani Gujral
"Recovery cycle not picking up: Vinay Khattar
Refined soya oil futures fall 0.87 per cent on weak demand
Refined soya oil futures slide 0.50 per cent on low demand
Refined soya oil futures slide 1.36 per cent on sluggish demand
"Refinery margins reasonable
Reliance Industries shares end nearly 2 per cent lower post earnings
Reserve Bank of India refuses overseas bond sale with bank guarantees
"Roubini: There's a market 'time bomb'
Rouble down in line with oil ahead of US jobs data
"Rubber prices likely to struggle
Rupee trims losses against US dollar; still trading 2 paise down
Russia Sistema down 7.6 per cent after Yevtushenkov house arrest ruling
SAT rejects Rose Valley's plea seeking more time to sell properties
"SBI Q3 profit down 10 per cent at Rs 3
SBI stock split fails to lift sentiment; stock falls over 3%
Sebi slaps Rs 5 lakh fine in Gaylord Commercial Company case
Sell Arvind Ltd with a target of Rs 135: Mitesh Thacker
SELL Bharat Forge with a target of Rs 1100: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Bharti Airtel with a target of Rs 315: Prakash Gaba
Sell BHEL with a stop loss of Rs 245: Prakash Gaba
Sell CESC Ltd with a target of Rs 587: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Federal Bank with a target of Rs 70: Mitesh Thacker
Sell HDFC with a stop loss of Rs 968: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Hindalco Ltd with target price of Rs 101: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Indiabulls Realty with a target of Rs 60: Mitesh Thacker
Sell ITC at a stop loss of Rs 349: Vijay Bhambwani
Sell Oil India with a target of Rs 515: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Petronet LNG with target price of Rs 131: Mitesh Thacker
Sell SAIL with a stop loss of Rs 77.5: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Sun Pharma with target price of Rs 570: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Sun TV with target price of Rs 330: Mitesh Thacker
SELL TCS Ltd with a target of Rs 2020: Shrikant Chouhan
Sell Tech Mahindra with target price of Rs 1750: Ashwani Gujral
Sell UCO Bank with a target of Rs 61: Sandeep Wagle
Sell United Spirits with a target of Rs 2480: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Wipro Ltd at a target of Rs 501: Sandeep Wagle
Sensex loses momentum ahead of F&O expiry; top 20 trading ideas
"Sensex slips in red after hitting fresh record high of 25
Sensex slips nearly 200 points as US Fed sticks to tapering
Shares of Network 18 group companies under pressure after rights issue
Shorting Kingfisher Airlines is dangerous at the current levels: Rajat Bose
Sistema shares moved to discretionary auction after 20% fall: Moscow Exchange
"Sistema Shyam Q2 loss widens Rs 1
Southeast Asia stocks-fall after Paris attacks; Philippine shares near 3-month low
Step aside as far as cement space is concerned: Vineet Bhatnagar
"Sterling slips as Scottish vote nears
Suggest to avoid PSU Banks in the long term: Anand Tandon
Swiss Finance Corp sells Yes Bank shares worth Rs 92.55 cr
"Syndicate Bank tanks over 7%
Tad bit disappointed with the revenue growth of HUL: Kautsab Pawaskar
Taipei shares plunge 7.49 per cent in worst ever intra-day drop
"Target for Indiabulls is 225
"TechM's Q2 numbers meet expectations
"Telecom stocks tumble on CAG audit scare
"Things appear bleak for DLF at present: Ambareesh Baliga
Titagarh Wagons a bit too steep to get into: Prakash Diwan
"Titan Industries: High gold prices
Trent Q2 Net down 27 per cent at Rs 11.43 crore
TVS Motor tanks over 11 per cent despite strong Q1 show
TVS Motors not recommended at this point of time: Harendra Kumar
"UK FTSE hits five-month low on Greek impasse
United Bank of India's loss will test Basel III aproach: Fitch
Valuations continue to remain daunting in consumer durable space: Nitin Raheja
Wall Street slips from record; focus shifts to US Federal Reserve
When Janet Yellen said: 'Confidence in global financial markets extremely fragile'
Why investors should say no to United Spirits and Maruti Suzuki
Why is Bajaj Auto subdued despite order for 1.25 lakh bikes?
Wipro slips ahead of Q1 results; drops nearly 4% this week
Wockhardt slips over 4% after company reports 93% drop in profit
WTI crude falls to lowest since June on US supply surge
Year-end profit booking by FIIs weighs on Sensex despite reform push
Yen slips to 7-year low vs dollar; euro hits 2-year low
You think the stock market is crazy? Look at oil prices
"5500 level very difficult to breach in market: Jagdish Malkani
"6
"AAP may decimate Cong
"ACC unlikely to run up in a hurry: Ashwani Gujral
Adani Power slips over 2% on reports of over-valuation of equipment imports
Alstom T&D fourth quarter net profit falls 13% to Rs 54 crore
Another 50-60 points down on Nifty can't be ruled out: Prakash Diwan
"As copper runs low
"As global oil futures tumble
"Australian shares falls on China's economic worries
Auto stocks may not ride the excise duty cut euphoria for long
Balaji Telefilms Q1 Net plummets 80.28 per cent at Rs 2.08 crore
Bear grip: Sensex ends 541 points down; here's what you should do
Best to avoid banking space altogether for next 6-8 months: Dipan Mehta
"Bharti Airtel's Manoj Kohli sells 50
"BHEL may stay under pressure on weak fundamentals
Birla Corp Q1 Net profit falls 46 pc to Rs 45.99 crore
"Brent holds above $109 on outlook for US oil stocks
"Brent holds near $102
"Brent steady below $60
Cantabil Retail Q4 net profit slips 48.19 pc at Rs 2.58 cr
"CARE downgrades Everonn Education
CCI holds NSE guilty of unfair trade practice in currency derivates market
"China shares slip ahead of July economic data
"China yuan inches lower on corporate dollar demand
Claris Lifesciences Q4 profit declines 29.50 per cent to Rs 17.75 crore
Commodity bourses turnover drops by over 36 pc in April-December of FY'14
Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited Q3 net loss widens to Rs 3.65 crore
"Defensives go on the back foot; steep valuations hurt ITC
"Delhi poll results
Dena Bank net profit tanks 57 per cent as bad loans soar
"Do not recommend Havells at this valuation: Mehraboon Irani
Don't see strong growth in Lupin earnings in coming quarters: Deven Choksey
Don't understand how shares like JustDial are brought into F&O: Sandip Sabharwal
"Drop in TCS scrip wipes out Rs 16
"Eicher Motors a case of over-expectation
El Nino may not be saviour for depressed rubber market: Industry sources
El Nino may push palm prices to $700 per tonne: Indonesian association
Exercise caution while booking profits in sectors like metals: Networth Stock Broking
Facebook tumbles nearly 11% after newspaper Barron says stock only worth $15
"Fall in iron ore prices
"Financial Technologies may have to absorb over Rs 5
"Foreign institutional investors trimming their  overweight positioning on India
FTIL sells nearly 7 pc stake in IEX for Rs 21.45 cr
GMR Infra posts Q3 net loss of Rs 22.25 cr; stock up
GMR Infrastructure's net loss widens to Rs 441 crore in December quarter
Gold futures discount shows signs of narrowing as duty cut hopes rise
"Growth concerns hurt Asia FX; fuel price hike plan
Higher inventories and capex took a toll on Tata Steel: Dipen Shah
"Hindalco takes Coalgate hit
Hong Kong benchmark index falls 2 per cent on US Federal concern
"Hong Kong shares slip on weakness of casinos
HT Media Q2 Net down 24.56 per cent to Rs 43.89 crore
ICRA downgrades Vijay Mallya's United Spirits  for delay in debt servicing
IDBI Bank to sell 5 per cent stake in National Stock Exchange
Idea Cellular slips nearly 2% after DoT slaps Rs 300 cr fine
IDFC slipped nearly 1% as it brings down FII limit to 48%
"In the short term
Indian Bank Q4 profit down 7 per cent to Rs 271.28 crore
Indonesia stock exchange caps daily share price declines at 10 per cent
IndusInd Bank can slide down to levels closer to 423: Prakash Gaba
Infinite Comp slips over 35% in two days on poor FY16 guidance
"Investor fears on end of easy money right? Absolutely
IOB slumps over 15% as company posts losses for second successive quarter
Is the damage over on Bank Nifty? Strategies to tide over weakness
J&K Bank can slide down to levels closer to 1370: Prakash Gaba
Jubilant FoodWorks Q4 net down 24 per cent at Rs 25 cr
JustDial falls after CLSA replaces the stock with Maruti in Asia portfolio
Kansai Nerolac Q4 net down 63 per cent at Rs 45 crore
Karur Vysya Bank Q3 Net down 5.5 pc at Rs 106.82 crore
"Kirloskar Oil Engines is still to make a comeback: Deepak Mohoni
"Lack of BB penetration will slow BWA revenues: Karan Mittal
Large cap stocks have not seen correction post Q1 results: Deepak Shenoy
"Lead futures down 0.48 per cent on sluggish spot demand
LKP Merchant Finance sells 53.41 lakh Kingfisher shares for Rs 5 cr
M&M Finance plunges 8.5% as brokers cut target price post Q3 results
"Macro headwinds are against the auto stocks: Vikas Khemani
Madura demerger not in the best interests of Aditya Birla Nuvo investors
"Market can see a fall post Coal India IPO: Ambareesh Baliga
Max Life sees 5% fall in 9-month profit at Rs 308 crore
"MCX-SX matches NSE
Minimum 25% public holding should also apply to public sector companies: Sebi
Minority shareholders challenge Bombay High Court order on Cadbury India's buyback offer
Motherson Sumi Systems Q4 net down 2 pc at Rs 138.90 cr
Mustard seed futures fall on hopes of good crop in growing regions
Muthoot Finance net profit falls 28 per cent to Rs 194 crore
NBFC stocks decline as much as 7 per cent on RBI norms
Next stop for the Nifty could be around 7500-7480 downside: Mitesh Thacker
NHPC Q3 net profit drops 31 per cent to Rs 180 crore
Nifty's worst New Year start since 1996; what experts are betting on
"Nissan to brief on abnormal deployment of Takata air bag
"Nokia losses narrow to $355 million
Novartis India Q1 net dips 28 per cent at Rs 26.98 crore
NTPC plunges to 5-year low on CERC pricing rules; top Sensex loser
OIL India September quarter Net drops 5.3 pc to Rs 903.64 crore
"Oil prices dip as demand stalls
OMC stocks likely to witness profit booking in short term: Deven Choksey
"OMCs crack over 5% as government hikes excise duty on petrol
"Oracle Financial Services Software: Good show on cards
Oriental Bank of Commerce shares down nearly 5% as bad loans rise
"Palm down to 3-month low
"Pending investor complaints against companies rise 8.5% in October
"Petronet stocks undergo lots of fluctuations
P-Notes investment at 11-month low of Rs 1.47 lakh crore in June
"Promoters take biggest hit of Rs 5
Q1 nos by IT firms fail to justify present valuations: Deepak Shenoy
Raymond stocks end 5% down; market capitalisation erodes by Rs 146 crore
RComm will see further upside on plans to reduce debt: Shashank Khade
"Reforms over last weekend allayed street concerns: Dhiraj Sachdev
Rumour of split with Starbucks holding down Tata Global Beverages: Ambareesh Baliga
Rupiah hits 2-month low as current account test looms; Asia FX fall
"Rupiah leads Asia FX losses after solid US data
"Sebi slaps Rs 1 crore fine on Falcon
SEBI slaps Rs 8 lakh penalty on 2 promoters of Blue Blends
SELL AB Nuvo Ltd with a target of Rs 1135: Mitesh Thacker
Sell ACC Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 1416: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Adani Enterprises Ltd with a target of Rs 445: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Bank of Baroda with target price of Rs 505: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Bank of India with a target of Rs 247: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Bank of India with target price of Rs 160: Prakash Gaba
Sell Bharti Airtel Ltd with target price of Rs 289: Prakash Gaba
Sell Bharti Infratel Ltd with a target of Rs 242: Vijay Bhambwani
SELL Dish TV Ltd with a target of Rs 51: Prakash Gaba
Sell Divis Laboratories Ltd with a target of Rs 1340: Mitesh Thacker
Sell GAIL Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 378: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Godrej Industries with a stop loss of Rs 293: Sandeep Wagle
SELL' Indiabulls Housing Finance with a target of Rs 540: Mitesh Thacker
Sell IndusInd Bank with a stop loss of Rs 560: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Maruti Suzuki with a stop loss of Rs 2970: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Oil India Ltd with a target of Rs 540: Prakash Gaba
Sell Tata Motors Ltd with a target of Rs 415: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Tata Power Ltd with a target of Rs 79: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Tata Steel at a stop loss of Rs 518: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Tata Steel Ltd with target price of Rs 336: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Ultratech Cement with a stop loss of Rs 2500: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Yes Bank Ltd with target price of Rs 290: Ashwani Gujral
Short sell Reliance Capital in case of a sell off: Deepak Mohoni
"Shriram Transport Finance to borrow up to Rs 3
Siemens net slump 90 pc to Rs 29.9 cr in March qtr
SKF Q3 net profit dips 15 per cent to Rs 50 crore
"Slower project execution
"Slower US jobs growth props up Asia FX
Somany Ceramics Q3 net profit down 41 pc to Rs 4.78 crore
"South Korean stocks log worst day in 8 weeks
Steel companies dip by up to 8% on allegations of another scam
"Supply not aggressive
"Surge in crude will hit Indin stocks markets: Gautam Shah
Suzlon Energy slips in red on stake sale talks in Senvion SE
Talwalkars rally over 16% on reports of stake sale to David Lloyd
TCS strong Q3 results fail to cheer Street; stock down over 4%
Three reasons Sensex fell from mount 30K to end 213 points down
"Tiger Global exits Just Dial
"Top-5 Sensex companies lose Rs 65
"Tough times ahead for ITC's tobacco division: Taher Badshah
Triveni Engineering posts net loss of Rs 29.74 crore in October-December quarter
Two promoter entities of IRB Infrastructure sell shares worth Rs 147 crore
Uflex crashes 13% on reports of bogus sale worth Rs 100 crore
"Uninor Q4 operating loss widens to Rs 276 crore
United Bank of India plunges over 3% as CMD Archana Bhargav quits
US stocks end mixed as decline in Apple shares weighs on Nasdaq
VIP is now trying to get out of Rs 750-755: Ashwani Gujral
Volkswagen shares plunge the most in six years on US emission scandal
Voltas Ltd Q2 net down 1.51 per cent at Rs 42.28 crore
Vote on account 2014 will not move the markets much: Credit Suisse
Waiting to see initiatives from the government for PSU banks: Pramod Gubbi
Wary of Amtek Group stocks due to lack of clarity: Neeraj Dewan
"With investors steering clear
Worries mount about Chinese economy: Three reasons why China stocks plunged 8.48%
10 year bond yield drops to 15 month low ahead of inflation data
Aditya Birla Nuvo Q1 Net down 20.41 per cent to Rs 263.7 crore
AirAsia shares sink to 5-year low on threat of suspension at Indonesia unit
Airtel shares down 3 per cent after it hangs up on Loop Mobile
"Aptechs performance a bit of debacle: Gaurang Shah
Australian & New Zealand dollars linger above recent lows on weak China data
Avoid buying JSPL as power sector unlikely to do well: P Phani Sekhar
Avoid getting into JustDial even as the stock continues to fall: Ashwani Gujral
Bajaj Auto Q4 net declines to Rs 763.93 crore; 500 per cent dividend
"Bank of America finds a $4 bn mistake; suspends buyback
Big capex plan may hurt Bharti's stock performance in short term: Kunj bansal
BJP's attack on Robert Vadra hurts DLF stock; falls 12% in 3 days
Brent slips below $111 as Libyan PM Abdullah al-Thinni declares oil crisis over
CAG report may impact power utilities by 18-20% in the worst case: BofA-ML
Can't pay Rs 580 crore due to financial crunch: DLF to Supreme Court
"China shares post biggest daily loss in six months on economy
Commexes' biz falls to Rs 34.36 lakh crore till June 15 of FY'14
"Competition
Component mix may impact some auto ancillary stocks more than others: Deepak Shenoy
Cost imposed on Sebi not warranted: Supreme Court to the Securities Appellate Tribunal
Crompton Greaves slips over 5% as Avantha Holdings plans to sell 7% stake
DB International Asia sells 1% stake in Yes Bank for Rs 100 cr
Debt is going to be a drag on Deccan Chronicle:  Angel Broking
Deceleration in the consumption growth taking toll on the FMCG sector: Dipen Shah
Difficult for Infosys to breach valuation in long term; prefer TCS: Pankaj Pandey
"DLF ratings likely to fall post ban
DLF slips over 4% as Q1 net profit slips on lower home sales
Dollar index heads for biggest weekly loss since April on US Federal outlook
Don't expect performance from oil and gas stocks ahead of polls: BP Singh
Europe stocks dip ; Astra Zeneca rejection of Pfizer takeover bid weighs in
Exide extends losses; down 20% in three months: Is it still worth buying?
Federal Reserve's December liftoff signals slap Asia FX; yuan down on SDR uncertainty
Financial crisis looming? 5 reasons why Chinese markets cracked over 8% on Wednesday
Financial Technologies India Ltd reports net loss of Rs 371.25 crore in Q4
Gold futures plunge over 2 per cent on global cues; low spot demand
"Greece or not
Hanung Toys and Textiles net Q4 down 2.9 pc at Rs 32 crore
HC refuses to stay FMC order asking FTIL to cut stake in MCX
HCC sells 74% in city property to IL&FS Milestone for Rs 575 crore
Hinduja Global Solutions Q1 Net declines 13.6 per cent to Rs 32.49 crore
"Hit by another high profile exit; Infosys drops 7%
Hong Kong shares slip ahead of holiday as investors shift to China plays
I do not see too much of a downside for Infy: Sandeep Wagle
I would not like to participate low-volume stock like Natco Pharma: Ashwani Gujral
"If global markets fall
India Cements net loss at Rs 31 crore; hit by slump in demand
Indiabulls Fin Services Q3 net drops 5.98 per cent to Rs 63.99 cr
"Infosys tanks 8%; m-cap down by Rs 14
"Investors should avoid power sector till the Lok Sabha elections: G Chokkalingam
LIC offloads two per cent stake in Bharat Forge for Rs 151 crore
Malaysia Airlines shares plunge as much as 15 per cent after jet crash
Mallya's stake in United Spirits Limited declines as Kingfisher Airlines lenders invoke shares
"Maruti Suzuki Q4 net profit falls 35.5% at Rs 800 crore
MCX paid Rs 709 crore to FTIL & group of companies: PwC report
Media firm DB Corp Q1 net profit down 16% at Rs 66.45 crore
Metal stocks may feel the heat as the China shows signs of fatigue
Moscow Exchange restricts trading in Sistema shares after they fall 27 per cent
Muted Q2 results cast shadow on D-St; top 10 stocks to bet on
"Odds of US Federal Reserve tightening monetary policy have increased: Christopher Wood
OnMobile loses steam on bourses as losses from LiveWire drag down consolidated profits
"Over 1
"PBOC does 40 billion yuan reverse repos
PC Jeweller reports 47 pc drop in net profit to Rs 102.80 crore
Pfizer net profit declines 56.11 per cent to Rs 220.85 crore in FY14
Piem Hotels sells 27 lakh shares of Indian Hotels for Rs 21 cr
Private banks likely to face asset quality problems; expect poor earnings: Hemindra Hazari
PSU Banks unlikely to deliver expected earnings over the next quarters: Harendra Kumar
Punjab National Bank Q4 Net dips 29 per cent at Rs 806 crore
QE caution: Wait for FIIs to press the panic button before shorting Nifty
Real estate is a market to go short and not long: Ajay Srivastava
Rejection of merger by minorities may drive 40% upside in Cairn India: CLSA
Sahara chief Subrata Roy should be punished for contempt: SEBI to Supreme Court
"Sahara Group stocks fall 5% as Subrata Roy
Sebi slaps Rs 10 lakh fine on 3 persons over violation of norms
Sebi to sell shares held by 9 entities to recover Rs 4 crore
"Sell Dr Reddy Laboratories Ltd with a target of Rs 2
Sell Hindustan Unilever Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 570: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Reliance Power Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 69: Sandeep Wagle
"Shanghai
"Sinking Chinese stock market: How exposed are you
"SpiceJet posts Rs 171 crore loss in Q3 on forex loss
Spike in brent prices may cause sell off in oil stocks: Mayuresh Joshi
"Start exiting positions
Stay away from JSW Steel till clarity on CBI mine inquiry: Deven Choksey
STOCK TO WATCH: ACCs Q1 PAT seen 40% down at Rs 238 crore
Strict import curbs drop gold demand by 13.5% in 2014: World Gold Council
Structural issues may continue to weigh on realty stocks; bounceback unlikely: Deepak Shenoy
"Sustained Call writing at strike price 8
"Swiss franc hits three week low versus euro
There's a massive poaching raid going on at Lehman's old wealth management shop
Two-wheeler stocks to remain under pressure on fall in rural spending: Hemindra Hazari
Ultratech Cement's Q3 net profit dips 38 per cent to Rs 370 crore
UltraTech Jun qtr net dips 14% to Rs 673 crore on lower sales
Union Bank posts 27% fall in Q4 net profit at Rs 578.88 crore
Usha Martin slips over 5% as Q4 loss widens to Rs 9.68 crore
Worst is not over; Nifty could go down to sub-7500 level: Sandeep Wagle
"8
Both micro and macro level problems have brought the BHEL stock down: Ajay Parmar
"Buyers waiting for better times ahead for banking stocks: Deven Choksey
"CBI grills Jignesh Shah
CMC shares crash over 14 per cent after merger announcement with Tata Consultancy Services
Exim Bank net down a tad at Rs 710-crore; pays Rs 339-crore to government
Fall in global commodity prices remain an overhang on Indian metal sector: Nitin Raheja
"Falling rupee to shave Rs 4
"FIIs sell Indian stocks worth Rs 1
"Fresenius plans to delist 7 months after OFS
"GAIL net profit falls 23 per cent on low tariff
General Electric to sell $12 billion worth equity business to exit from banking sector
"Gillette to get costly
Honeymoon over? Adani group stocks plunge upto 13% on basket selling in late trade
Infrastructure company IL&FS Transportation Q4 net profit falls 34 pc at Rs 78 crore
JPMorgan cuts target price on Jet Airways by a massive 40% post Q3 loss
Kaveri Seeds may be able to offset cut in prices of Bt cotton seeds
Lakshmi Vilas Bank Q3 net down 76% at Rs 7.42 crore on bad loans
Lot more pain left for Axis Bank due to huge infra exposure: Hemindra Hazari
Media form DB Corp's Q4 net profit falls about 16% to Rs 64 crore
Most Nifty 50 companies to project sluggish growth; turnaround at least two quarters away
Most South East Asia stocks down ahead of US jobs data; Singapore worst performer
Nalco Q1 net profit dips 41% at Rs 223 crore on higher fuel costs
Nestle net drops 60%; to resume Maggi noodles sales after second round of tests
Nifty slips in red after making a record high; top 20 intraday trading ideas
Nomura plans to sell stake in mutual fund JV with  Life Insurance Corporation
Nothing much is going to happen in the midcap IT space: P Phani Sekhar
"Rate-sensitive stocks fall sharply post RBI policy
"Real Estate Bill just a temporary sentiment booster
"Re-allocation of coal blocks a temporary setback for JSPL
Regulatory hurdle hits Kotak Group's plan to secure board seat on commodity bourse MCX
Retail stocks take a hit as AAP says no to FDI-funded stores in Delhi
"Some railway stocks have run up too much: Jagdish Malkani
Spice Communications IPO case: Sebi bans Dipti Kirit Parekh from markets for 2 years
TVS Motor Q4 net profit seen 11% lower at Rs 51 cr; stock down
"Wall Street down more than 1 per cent after ECB action
"We would continue to be cautious and adopt defensive strategy: Dhananjay Sinha
"Won't get a 2008-like opportunity where everything was so cheap: Nilesh Shah
"BGR Energy: Margin pressure
"Bharti Airtel prospects don't look bright as of now: Dipan Mehta
Budget 2014: Defence stocks plunge upto 10% despite Arun Jaitley raising FDI limit to 49%
Central bank should resume FX purchases if dollar falls below 60 to rouble: Kremlin aide
"Dalal Street may get bumpy in new financial year
"Delisting buzz is back after Sebi relaxes rule but investors should be cautious
"Deregulation of rate will create cost pressure on banks: Dhiraj Agarwal
EIL down over 11% as Q2 net profit slips by 47% to Rs 58.78 crore
Equity outflows at 15-week high as investors seek bond safety: Bank of America Merrill Lynch
FIPB rejects HDFC Bank's proposal to increase foreign portfolio investment cap; stocks may lose weight
Go short on Renuka Sugars once it starts trading below levels of 35: Mitesh Thacker
Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd Q1 net drops 44 per cent at Rs 105.38 crore
JSPL posts net loss of Rs 1675 crore in Q3FY15; cuts jobs to save costs
Nestle falls as government sues company over Maggi row; seeks Rs 640 crore in damages
Profit booking hits midcap stocks post Budget 2014; top five stocks to buy on dips
Reserve Bank of India may sell 91-day  treasury bills at 8.60 per cent: poll
RIL likely to report drop in net profit; stock ends flat ahead of Q3 results
"Rupee plummets to 7-month low
Shriram Transport Finance plummets 19% in a week; investors should wait till construction biz rebounds
Sun TV falls over 10% a day after ED questions Maran brothers in Aircel-Maxis deal
Supreme Court verdict on coal mining likely to have implications on banking sector: Harendra Kumar
"There  is no optimism in the market right now: G Chokkalingam
Twitter shares fall more than 11 per cent as growth of monthly users slows down
"Avoid PSU banks; worst is over
"Better to stay away from metals space until SC verdict is out: IV Subramaniam
Blue Star Infotech plunges 20% as co sells IT biz to Infogain for Rs 181 crore
InterGlobe may slip into losses if fuel cost exceeds 44% of top line: Daljeet Singh Kohli
Jaypee Infra Ventures sells 3.53 crore shares; stocks of other group companies crash by upto 20%
JBCPL stock suffers drastic dip post J&J deal; co to grow other biz with sale proceeds
"Margin in real estate and cement sectors likely to come down 6-7%: Mukesh Agarwal
"PM Modi's assurances fail to help as rubber prices plunge to 8-year low
Sooner or later Nifty will turn down and make fresh lows below 5500:  Ashwani Gujral
"Stake sale by promoters to provide no aid to Pipavav's balance sheet: Mayuresh Joshi
"Yuan falls to 4-1/2 year low
Diwali only hope for gold traders as demand at two-decade low after yellow metal hits record prices
"HDFC Bank runs the risk of being an underperformer in the short term: Prashasta Seth
"Robusta coffee going the arabica way
"UBS turns cautious on Indian markets
"Bumpy ride ahead for investors; FIIs' aversion to EMs
"Buying OMC stocks may not be a prudent move at the moment: Dipan Mehta
Vote on account 2014: Jewellery stocks plunge upto 11% as FM disappoints with no duty cut on gold
DLF Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a stop loss of Rs 215.5 and target of Rs 200: Mitesh Thacker
"Fed's stand on interest rates could be biggest global macro turbulence causer in near term: Arvind Sanger
"Spike in oil prices is a big risk and makes the foreign flows a lot more nervous: IV Subramaniam
CARE 'A+' to Yes Bank perpetual bonds
Cooling unit turns it on for Voltas
"Sensex heads for cloud 26
Cage farming of mullet gains popularity
Blue-chips lead from front on board rejigs
Food ministry hikes sugar production estimates
Greek shares hit fresh three-year low
"Asian share gains fizzle
"Who shot down China bull? Regulator says hunt is on; Shanghai ends 6% down
"Larsen is a buy in large caps; Federal Bank
"Mahindra Satyam
"Net worth of brokerage firms like Motilal Oswal
"ONGC
"Will go for stocks like Bajaj Finserv
"Dismal US retail sales data lifts Asia Forex
"IRB Infra and IL&FS Transnet two preferred picks in the infrastructure: Gaurang Shah
Aditya Birla Private Equity to pick up 8% stake in Indian Energy Exchange Ltd for Rs 136 Crore
"Alkem
"Brokerage firms like Anand Rathi Securities
"2015: Best year for IPOs since 2010; Dr Lal surges 50%
"Difficult for Bank Nifty to get past 15
Digitisation push to cable TV helps Den Networks and Hathway Cable & Datacom stocks soar over DTH
"Etsy
Ranbaxy stock up 50% post deal with Sun Pharma; co grabs 13% market share after Diovans launch
"Scrapping of cess & new exploration policy may boost stocks of oil companies like ONGC
"Vote on Account 2014: Bet on sectors like IT
"NTPC
"Value is emerging in metals
"Axis Bank
"Axis
"Fall in order inflows shows more pain ahead for industrial stocks such as L&T
"HDFC
"IPOs fail to live up to their price; power
"ITC
"L&T
"LinkedIn
Meltdown in China has helped India with some FIIs taking aggressive bets in Nifty futures: Analysts
"Mid-cap and small cap stocks rally lags
"Potential future growth in pharma space and in the generic space
"Private banks to outperform market; do like IT
Q1 earnings take a toll on Street: Biocon down 8%; Indian Bank slips 8%; PNB 2%
"Ranbaxy
"Shree Renuka Sugar
"Uptrend likely for PSU bank stocks; SBI
"Vote On Account 2014: OMCs like ONGC
Broader market likely to outperform; Nifty could further move up by 100-120 points: Ashwani Gujral
Broader market outshines Sensex in April; top 10 midcap stocks to track this earnings season
"Edelweiss
"Godrej
"Investor should focus on equipment manufacturers rather than telecom players: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Most of the BSE100 companie stocks down by 26-35%; GMR
NASDAQ can rally another 50% in next 2 years; Indian IT stocks stand to gain?
South Korean shares slip as China PMI shrugged off; won pares losses to close flat
"Add IT
Advisory firm SES asks Infosys investors to vote against merger of Finacle and EdgeVerve Systems
"After dream run
"Capital goods stocks to outperform market going ahead; prefer
"China stocks fall as investors cool on blue chips
"CLSA sees Nifty breaching 7
"Corporation Bank
"D-Street hit by downgrades in oil & gas sector; brokerages cut GAIL
Exposure increased to oil and gas space; look at energy sector more favourably: David Pezarkar
"HPCL
"HPCL
"Insider trading: Sebi slaps notices
"InterGlobe
"Manic Monday: Sensex ends day 551 points down @ 27
"Many real estate
Plywood and packaging stocks see upward movement on hopes that GST bill will be passed
"Railway Budget 2014: Rail stocks like Texmaco
Revision in contract between RasGas and Petronet to benefit tile makers like Kajaria and Prism
"State-owned companies like IRFC
"State-run lenders BoI
"Absorb the upmove and then buy ICICI Bank
"Battered Sensex loses 630 points
Birla Corporation surges as company to acquire Jojobera and Sonadih cement from Lafarge India
"Chart Check from IIFL Private Wealth for Tuesday
"IT stocks fall after UBS downgrades Infosys to 'sell'; Wipro
Mid and small-cap stocks soar after aggresive mutual funds go on year-end shopping spree
"Prefer residential pack in real estate sector; Godrej
"Rate-sensitives
"Secular prediction for pharma space difficult
Small is the new big! Small and midcap funds outperform in Sept quarter: Crisil
Solid stocks support Asia FX; won up after South Korea inflation at 11-month high
Australian dollar scales multi-month highs vs yen & pound; New Zealand dollar off lows
"Bajaj Finserv
"Better to invest in FMCG
"Coalgate verdict: Jindal Steel
"Commodity stocks like Hindalco
"Companies like Vodafone
"Cyclical stocks like power
"Double-digit returns seen from IT stocks; Wipro
ENIL and HT Media rally as companies spend most in FM radio phase-3 auctions
"Even luxury goods makers like Apple
"FY14 will not be a great year for JK Cement
"GCPL
Have 'sell' rating on Tata Motors; prefer Hero MotoCorp among auto stocks: Harendra Kumar
"HPCL
"Investments in debt-free companies like ITC
"ITC falls as CS
"Karnataka Bank
Korean shares  ends lower; Hyundai Glovis tumbles 15% amid unsuccessful stake sale bid
"LIC
"NBFCs like HDFC
Next few months might be a struggle for HDFC and banking sector: Sajiv Dhawan
"ONGC up 1.5%
PSU banks top bet; Axis Bank looks good in private sector banks: Neeraj Deewan
"Punj Lloyd
"SBI
"Some level of optimism exists in auto space with Maruti
"Surya Roshni's industrial
"Telecom stocks to benefit from positive triggers
"Vijaya Bank
"General Atlantic in talks to buy stakes in Just Dial
"Infosys
"JGBs little changed
"Oil
RCom climbs 6 pc; GTL Infra zooms 20 pc on tower biz deal
"Suggest to buy Tata Motors
"Wagon makers
Airlines in sweet spot; expect SpiceJet to see rerating on IndiGo listing: Bandyopadhyay
"Airtel
"Avoid buying JSPL and DLF due to uncertainity: Mehraboon Irani
"Banks
"Bata
"Be selective in buying RNRL
"Bet on M&M
"Betting on South Indian Bank
"BPCL
"Bulls troll bears on D-Street: Sensex ends 216 points up
"Dish TV
"Dollar
"Farm sector stocks like HUL
"Fin Tech slips 5%
"Focus on export-oriented sectors; tech
"Forex
"Futures and Options' turnover plummets to 2 year low
"Highly bullish on mining space; CIL
"Housing finance companies like LIC Housing
"ICICI
"Iran N-deal lifts D-Street sentiment: Sensex rallies over 400 pts
"L&T
"Large cap IT stocks like TCS
"Momentum stocks like GMR Infra
"NTPC
"Private sector banks may do well
"PSUs
Recommend to stay cautious on Cox & Kings and Tex Rail: Mayuresh Joshi
"S.Korea won
"South Korean shares inch lower
"Stocks
"Yen
"China stocks drop as yuan falls further; airlines
"Diageo Plc
"EM ASIA FX-Yuan's slide ruffles Asia FX; won
Essar Oil stock more than doubles in a year; LIC big gainer
"Euro dips on caution ahead of bank stress test results
"Euro inches away from 2-1/2-month lows
Five factors that are making markets nervous; Sensex slips over 100 points
"FMCG
Focus on quality in midcaps & largecaps; 10 stocks to bet on
"Hopes of kerosene
"HUL
"IOC up nearly 6% as EGoM okays share sale to ONGC
"Lok Sabha elections 2014: Sensex closes at 24
"Lupin
"Major increase in support price for paddy
"Matrimony.com
3i Infotech shares in a free fall as ICICI Bank trims stake
"Aussie dollar drops on fall in retail sales
"Australia
"Australian dollar struggles ahead of RBA review
"Auto
"Bank
"Banks
"Bearish on United Phosphorous and Jain Irrigation: Seshadri Bharathan
"Bullish on Century Textiles but Arvind
"Cairn India
"Chart Check from Angel Broking for Friday
"Chart Check from Angel Broking for Tuesday
"Chart Check from IIFL Private Wealth for Monday
"China
Cyclicals like L&T and ICICI Bank have rallied too sharply: Pramod Gubbi
"Dynamatic Tech gains 20% in 2 days; Goldman
"Euro falls to two-year low against dollar
"Euronext
Federal Bank and Karnataka Bank safe bets in PSU banks: Mehraboon Irani
"FMCG Index gains on GST roll-out hopes; HUL
"German stocks power to new high; euro
"Hindalco
"Hindalco
"Infrastructure
"IOC
"L&T
"Matrix
"MCX
New MSCI order puts stocks into overdrive; NTPC to be biggest gainer
OMCs & aviation to get boost from crude's price performance: Networth Broking
One can pick ACC and Ambuja from the cement space: Ajay Bagga
"ONGC
Pfizer and Glaxo are safe bets for risk averse investors: Gaurang Shah
"Pharma companies like Sun Pharma
"Policy sensitives stocks like cap goods
"Positive on oil and gas stocks: Sadanand Shetty
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; ITC
"Prices of pulses rocket
"Recommend telecom
"Relief rally in JSPL
S.Korean shares rise as investors look past weak China PMIs; won flat
S.Korean shares up as energy counters rally on oil rebound; won slips
Sensex ends on flat note; IT stocks lead post Infosy Q3 results
"Sensex pares losses after falling over 100 points; TCS
"Sensex rangebound
Sensex registers triple digit loss on weak global cues; Nifty tests 6450
"Southeast Asia stocks down on Greek debt overhang
"Spicejet
"Stocks like PVR
"Tata Steel
"Tesco
"Textile
"TVS
UBS initiates coverage on Bharat Forge and Motherson Sumi with a 'buy'
"Unitech
"US stocks close: Dow
"US stocks: Dow
"After the Q2 show
"Australia shares slip from six-year highs
"Australia shares slip on rising bond yields
"Binani Cement up by 8.45%
"Dollar supported before jobs data
"Edible oil
GDP lifts Dow over 18k; biotechs have worst day since April
"IOC
Jewellery stocks rebound after initial dip; PCJ soars 19 per cent
"LIC
"Muthoot
Not overweight on the engineering and road construction stocks: Dipan Mehta
"Pound hits 4-month low after BoE's dovish shift
"Two-wheeler stocks available at compelling valuations
"Two-wheelers
"Upbeat China PMI boosts Asia equities
"2G impact: Bharti
"Australian & New Zealand dollars seen falling
"Australian & New Zealand dollars vault vs pound
"Australian
"Auto
"Auto
Avoid over-exposure to IT and pharma stocks post elections: Kunj Bansal
"Bank
"Believe some more upside is left in HUL
"Bonds
"BPCL and IOC look good: Ashish Maheshwari
"BPCL
"Bull's Eye: Rolta India
"Chart Check from Angel Broking for Tuesday
"Chart Check from GEPL Capital for Wednesday
"Chart Check from GEPL Capital for Wednesday
"CNX IT
"Colgate-Palmolive rallies nearly 3%
"Dena
"DLF
"Do not prefer Bharti
"Do not prefer Nestle
EM ASIA FX-Commodity rout weighs on Asia FX; yuan extends fall
Euro drops back towards 2-week lows vs sterling on Ukraine news
"Europe stocks
"Expecting corrections in FMCG
"Fitch affirms Tata Motors
"IT
"JSPL
"L&T
"Lanco
"Led by TCS
"Like Abbott
"Lupin
"Lupin
"Marico
"Maruti
"MCX
"MCX
"Mutual funds buy RIL
"Neutral on FMCG space
"Prefer Bajaj
"Prefer Rolta
Prefer TV Today over Zee in media space: P Phani Sekhar
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; mid & smallcap stocks in focus
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; RIL eyed ahead of Q1 results
"Ranbaxy
"Retail
"RIL
"Rolling over reforms: Nifty reclaims 8800
"SAIL
"Saudi Arabia
Sensex drops over 100 points from record high; Ranbaxy plunges 20%
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex surges over 300 points; ICICI
"Sensex tests 25000
"Sensex tests 27
"Sensex trades near 25
"Sensex turns rangebound
"Sensex
"Sensex
"Sensex@22
"Seoul shares fall on China PMI
Seoul shares rise for a 4th day; won reaches 2-week high
Sun Pharma and Dr. Reddy's are top pharma stocks: Mitesh Thacker
"United Spirits
"Very positive on most NBFCs such as M&M Financial
"Wall Street ends lower
"Watch out for ICICI Bank
10-year bond yield slips to 8.17% as oil falls further
Analysts warn investors against small auto and auto ancillary firms
"Asian markets retreat
"Australia
"Australian
"Before swearing-in
"Brent slips below $105
China yuan slips vs dollar after another weaker midpoint fixed
"Dollar basks in post-payrolls glow
Dollar falls to 3-week low vs yen after Fed minutes
"Dollar firms
"Dollar steadies from payrolls wobble
"Dry spell may push up pistachio
"Euro on defensive after ECB bond buying report
"Euro wobbles on chance of more ECB action
"Gold drops for fourth day on sustained selling
Gold falls Rs 135 on global cues; silver ends steady
"Gold holds below 2-week high on robust dollar
"Havells
Hong Kong stocks flat at lunch; Wall Street leads offsetted
"HUL
Nikkei hits 2-month high on China PMI; Dai-ichi Life dives
"Overweight on IT
"Adani Ports
Advise avoidance of both private and PSU banks: Saurabh Mukherjea
"Asia stocks dip on Dow drop
"Asia stocks stall after Wall Street slips
"Ranbaxy
"Bank
"Banking
"Banks
"Bearishness towards yuan
"Benchmark
"Bharat Forge
"Bharti
"Rupee
"Brokerage views on RIL
"Brokerage views on Tech Mahindra
"Brokerages' views on Pidilite
"Brokers' call on  Exide Industries
SE Asia stocks fall on growth concerns; US data eyed
"SE Asia Stocks-Mixed; weak US data
"BSE
"BSE
CERC order slightly negative for NTPC and Power Grid: CLSA
"Chill on street continues; Sensex slips 93 points
"Seoul shares poised to gain for 3rd day
"China
"Chinese shares reverse gains to end down
"CLSA overweight on financials; ICICI Bank
"Sterling hits 2-week low vs dollar
"Sterling steady vs dollar
"Cyient
"Despite policy headwinds
"Dollar
"Dow
"Dow
"Essar Oil
Upbeat China PMI boosts Asian stocks; oil firm on Iraq
"Upbeat China PMI lifts Asia shares and commodities
"Expect more downside in the IT
"Valentine Day lifts stocks of Hanung Toys
"FDA nod for drugs crucial for Lupin
"Yen rises after Japan PM comments
"Ginger surges on high demand
"Glenmark
"Gloomy French data hits European stocks
Go for Glenmark Pharma than Ranbaxy or Wockhardt: Jagannadham Thunuguntla
"Go short on pepper & jeera: Amar Singh
"Hong Kong
"Hopeful of Tata Motors
"HSBC says Kaveri
"Indonesia
"Irda stops IGE
"Italy leads Europe shares higher
"Lupin
Markets on a roll; what JPM and Quantum Advisors say
"Markets@record high: TCS
"Maruti
"Metals
"MF
Mid and small-cap funds may still have some steam left
"Midcap
Nifty ends on flat note; Maruti tanks post Q3 results
"Nifty@10
"Non-ferrous metals
"Offshore yuan strengthens
"ONGC
"Overweight on PSU banks
"Overweight on PSU banks
"Prefer ICICI
"Prefer private banking
"Prefer Zee
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; ITC eyed post Q4 results
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; RIL eyed ahead of AGM
"Q3 earnings: Idea Cellular
"Rail Budget 2012-13: Railway stocks derail
"Rally in IT stocks
"Rally will be led by cyclicals
"Realty
S.Korea shares edge down in directionless trade; won nearly flat
"SBBJ
"SBI
"Sensex in red
"Sensex in red; technology
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound; Infosys
Sensex starts on a cautious note; ONGC falls nearly 7%
"Sensex
"Sensex
"SPARC
"SpiceJet
Sri Lankan rupee falls to near record low; shares weaker
"Stocks
"Takata shares sink by a quarter
"Tata
"TCS
Technology shares lead a slump in US stocks; Apple sinks
"UCO
"Yuan weakens
"30-40% upside in ONGC and IOC: Hemang Jani
Asian currencies firm; ringgit falls on weak oil demand
"Asian markets fragile
"Banking stocks crack; ICICI Bank
"BPCL
Brent drops towards $107; strong dollar overshadows global tensions
"Dollar
"Dow
"Dow
"Euro shaky on ECB and Greece
"Euro steadies after selloff
"Euro
"Euro
European shares dip early; Hugo Boss drops after warning
"European stocks lower on Russia
"Expect CIL
Gold continues to fall on weak demand; silver rebounds
"Gold
"Gold
"Gold
"Holcim rejigs India structure; tweaks holding in Ambuja
"IOC
"Ipca
"Iraq fears hit European shares
"Iraq jitters hit European shares
"Liquor
"Markets rangebound; Nifty near 8
"MMTC-PAMP gold
"Nifty below 4700; RCom
"Nifty slips in red; capital goods
Nikkei advances on weaker yen; investors await earnings season
"NSE
"Pfizer
Positive on Glenmark Pharma and Ipca Laboratories: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Prefer Mindtree
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; CPI
"Q3 Corporate Earning: State Bank of India
"RSWM
"S&P 500
"Sadbhav Infra
"Sensex ends above 25
"Sensex hits new record of 22
"Sensex rangebound ahead of Christmas holiday; Nifty50 holds 7
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
Sensex slips over 100 points; Nifty tests 7900 levels
"Sensex slips over 200 points
"Sensex turns choppy; ITC
"Sensex
"Sensex
"Sensex
"Sensex
Seoul shares pare gains on foreign selling; won eases
"Soya
"Taiwan stocks fall 1.2 per cent; techs
"Tech leads Nasdaq
"TVS
"Weaker FTSE underpinned by Burberry
"Wheat
"Wockhardt
"Avoid sugar stocks
"Dhanteras gold
Edelweiss maintains 'Hold' on RCom after GTL Infra deal
"Great fall of China sinks world stocks
"HCC
"Kotak
"Nickel
"Nippon
"Now
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; TCS Q4 results eyed
PSU banks join party; Bank Nifty hits all-time high
"Rupee
Rupee's move to decide Nifty's next direction: Ashwani Gujral
"S Korea won slips after 3-day gain
"SEB debt restructuring positive for financial
"Sebi mulls new norms for changes in Sensex
"Sensex directionless
"US Federal Reserve optimism lifts Asia stocks
"Wall Street falls
"Wall Street flat
Yen firms after Bank of Japan minutes; dollar retreats
"Yen slips against dollar
"Yen
Adequate stocks drag down mentha oil futures 0.53%
"Alkem
"Asia shares stumble
"Asian stocks dip
"Australian dollar higher on capex numbers
Banking and auto sector remain favourites: Mitesh Thacker
"Banks
"BPCL
"Britain's FTSE rallies
"Broader markets
"Coriander
"Dealing room buzz: Cipla
"Dealing room: Infosys
"Dealing room: Petronet
"Dealing room: Zee Entertainment; Coal India
"Delta Corp
Dollar wobbles vs yen as risk appetite declines
Dow drops 300 points as US stocks plunge
"Euro slips against dollar
"Europe stocks steady
European shares dip; Carlsberg hit by Russia concerns
European shares steady ahead of ECB; Remy drops
European stock rally stalls; DAX eyes record high
Fitch Ratings affirms stable outlook rating to RIL
"Gold dives on selling by stockists
"Gold extends gains on festive buying
"Gold extends gains on festive buying
"Gold
"Goldman sees copper
"HPCL
"Infy
"Japan shares lead Asian lower
"MCX
"Mid-cap
"No equity segment on MCX
Overweight on healthcare; Torrent Pharmaceuticals a good bet'
"Palmolein
"Pharma
"Poor M&M
Prefer Balkrishna Industries among tyre stocks: Deven Choksey
Prefer BPCL among oil marketing companies: Gaurang Shah
"Prices of pulses
"Profit-booking hits auto stocks
"Recommend Bosch
"Robust demand increase the prices of Jeera
"Russia's rouble weaker on Monday
"Sensex ends below 21
"Sensex ends flat
Sensex falls as China slip adds to woes
"Sensex opens in red; Reliance
"Sensex rangebound; L&T
"Sensex turns choppy
"Sensex
"Shapoorji Pallonji Group
"Stock Buzz: Persistent Systems
"Turmeric
"Views & recos: Sesa Goa
"Wall Street climbs on Procter & Gamble
"ACC
Bonds retreats on fresh selling; call rates recover
"Financials
"Five reasons Sensex
"FMCG
"Forex
"Guarseed
"India
"IT
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; TCS
"PSU metal
"RIL
Rupee little changed against dollar in early trade
Russian rouble hits new all-time low vs dollar
"SBI
"Sterling
"TPG Global
"Turmeric turns gold
"Venus Fibres
Wall Street little changed but S&P hits record
"Yen rises in choppy trading
"Brokers' call: SpiceJet
Brokers' call: Voltas and Cox & Kings
"Chilli
"Chilli
"Chilli
"Coriander
"Cotton
"European shares pause for breath
"European shares slip after rally
"European shares slip
FTSE rises; BP leads energy stocks higher
"Hong Kong shares end flat
"IOC
"Large industrial house sells Gail
"Mustard
"Mustard
"Sensex above 26
"Sensex opens higher; realty
"Shares
Synergy with iGate to propel Patni Computer
"Turmeric
Australia shares close lower on weak commodities
"Citi bullish on metals
"Euro
"Europe shares open lower
"European shares steady
"Gold
"Groundnut
"IESA
"Indians prefer gold
"Infra
"Jeera
"Nickel
"Pharma
"Rice
"UK FTSE slips back
"UPL
"Turmeric
"Yemen Turmoil Boosts Gold
"Chilli
"Chilli
"Copper
"Copper
"Copper
"Copper
"Coriander
"Markets rangebound
"Markets rangebound
"Nickel
"Nickel
"Nickel
"Nickel
"Rolls-Royce
"Sensex@25
"TCS
"Textile
Thoor dal and sugar move up
"Asian shares sag
"Metals
"Brokerspicks: Axis Bank
"Brokerspicks: RIL
"Brokerspicks: Yes Bank
Nitin Vaidya quits Zee
Neutral on Zee: Ambareesh Baliga
Wall Street takes opposite paths
VLCC files IPO papers with Sebi
US stocks hold near record levels
Rajni Razdan chosen new UPSC chief
Should you bet on tyre stocks?
Texas Pacific Group's India MD resigns
Vijay Kelkar joins TCS board
Sugar closes steady on small buying
Sugar price steady on scattered buying
Subbarao hints at forex market intervention
Stock markets see sector specific performance
Steel prices steady in flat trade
Steel remains flat in thin trade
Sensex ends flat ahead of holiday
Why Sensex churn matters to investors
SCORES: Sebi's complaint redressal system
Exchanges prepared for volatility tomorrow: Sebi
Sebi approves norms for research analysts
Sebi finalises norms for research analysts
Sebi mulls pension fund for employees
Sebi notifies norms for research analysts
Sebi revamps secondary market advisory committee
Sebi to discuss commodity market norms
Rupee-dollar may move within 44.70-45.20 band
Religare launches new trading portal
Reliance Industries earnings: Five key takeaways
Neutral on Reliance: Kimeng Securities
Rajesh Exports redeems $150-mn foreign bonds
Puma India head Rajiv Mehta quits
Prabhat Dairy to list shares tomorrow
PNC Infratech IPO to resume tomorrow
Piramal Enterprises integrates realty finance businesses
Phaneesh Murthy appointed CEO of Patni
OPEC vs Shale: The big debate
Sudhir Vasudeva selected to head ONGC
Omaxe declares Bonus to public shareholders
Oilseeds rule stable in listless trade
$50 oil is already here
Downside risk to NIIT looks limited
Credit Suisse trims Nifty earnings estimates
Nifty to stay stock-specific: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty witnessing sideways consolidation: Ashwani Gujral
Support for Nifty expected at 4700
Networkplays CEO Ampreet Singh quits
NBHC appoints Vijay Kelkar as chairman
Vijay Kelkar appointed chairman of NBHC
Morgan Stanley India head steps down
MM Auto Industries withdraws IPO application
Mindtree co-founder Janakiraman Srinivasan quits
Micromax plans Rs 426-crore IPO
"Mecklai Financial Report: November 07
"Mecklai Financial Report: September 11
"Mecklai Financial Report: September 26
Madras Stock Exchange to close doors?
CVC disapproves Vijayan's extension in LIC
L&T Infotech eyeing stake in NCDEX
Manisha Girotra joins KPIT Cummins board
Jyothy Laboratories rejigs top management
Takeaways from ITC results
IOC Chairman Butola may get extension
Infotech Enterprises rebrands itself as Cyient
Infosys Q3 earnings: Five takeaways
Deepak Satwalekar retires from Infosys board
Infosys Q4 FY14 results: 10 takeaways
Infosys: Headed for better quarterly numbers?
Hrishikesh Nair appointed as Infopark CEO
"Nine investment banks to bid for Rs 2
IndiGo to debut today on bourses
Are Indian cotton prices a bubble?
Day trading guide by IIFL
Initiate trade on IDFC: Mitesh Thacker
HSBC holds oil at $60
Hong Kong-Shanghai stock link officially opens
Hong Kong stocks flat by lunch
HeidelbergCement India CEO Ashish Guha quits
Partha Chatterjee becomes Haldia Petrochemicals Chairman
Gur closes steady in thin trade
Gur ends flat in thin trade
Gur settles quiet in thin trade
Two Senior GMR executives quit
Mixed trend prevails in foodgrain market
No change in foodgrain prices
European stock markets steady at open
European shares stabilise after Portugal-led rout
Interim resistance for EUR/USD around $1.3840
Day trading guide by Edelweiss
Dollar mixed in Asia trading
Deutsche MF launches inflation-indexed bond fund
Benefits of trading in commodity futures
Mixed trend prevails at commodities market
Coffee Day to list shares tomorrow
Anant Goenka promoted as Ceat MD
Sundeep Bhandari resigns from Cairn India
FIIs outpace domestic investors in BSE200
BSE revises equity transaction charges
38 companies in the BSE 500 have paid more than 25 per cent of their net profit as dividend
Broking firms revive expansion plans
Bond yields little changed; consolidation seen
Bond yields steady; auction results awaited
Bond yields steady; seen dropping later
Biocon marketing head Rakesh Bamzai quits
Financial Tech Bahrain arm starts ops
Asian stocks mixed after holiday weekend
Asian markets: Tokyo stocks open flat
Asia stocks sideswiped by Wall Street
Apple Inc eyes yen-denominated bond
"Apple shareholders
Airtel's enterprise head quits
Adecco India head Sudhakar Balakrishnan quits
Maharashtra allows molasses export
ECB's bond buying plan: What's next
Looking into the future of Sensex
Market remains stock specific: Mitesh Thacker
Monsoon key to capital goods demand
Overweight on IT sector: BP Singh
"Rate-sensitive stocks rally
Retain big IT names: Mehraboon Irani
Why tech stocks are trending again
Will the Nifty start moving upward?
Alibaba symbol of China new technology giants
Ample crude supplies until mid-2016: IEA chief
Are Maruti royalty payouts to Suzuki 'extortive'?
Arun Gandhi says farewell to Tata sons
Ashoka Buildcon plans Rs. 225 cr IPO
Asia shares waver in Wall Street shadow
Asian markets flat after holiday-thinned US session
Axeon appoints ex-Peugeot India boss Rajesh Nellore
Bajaj Auto Motorcycles president K Srinivas quits
Bharti Airtel Q2 results: Ten key takeaways
Bharti Retail appoints Craig Wimsatt as COO
Bigger IT players offer value for money
Bond yields largely unchanged in range-bound trade
Bond yields steady ahead of policy review
Bond yields unlikely to fall further: Traders
BRIC markets appear 'disunited' to stock investors
BSE issues guidance note on price-sensitive disclosures
BSE shelves plans for separate commodity bourse
CDS can catalyse Indian bond markets: Crisil
Commercial papers fast replacing conventional bank loans
Commexes extended trade hours hit a roadblock
Commexes told to make base metals delivery-based
"Commexes
Day trading guide by Motilal Oswal Securities
Debjani Ghosh is Intel South Asia head
"Defence a long-term story
Defensive stocks top gainers on Dalal Street
"Dhanalaxmi Bank
Divya Gupta appointed CEO of Dentsu Media
"Drug licence
Edelweiss Financial Senior Partner Rajeev Mehrotra quits
ETF investors renew interest in emerging markets
Euronext names new head of post-trade business
Examining SBI rights issue proposal: Finance Ministry
Executive pay should reflect company performance: Sebi
Expect large caps to consolidate: Ashwani Gujral
F&O: Nifty may face resistance at 5370-5400
Fairbridge Capital (Mauritius) becomes promoter of TCIL
FCI buys paddy from farmers amid protest
Fewer investors trade on Multi Commodity Exchange
FIFA introduces web-based platform for online transactions
FIIs August selloff biggest since January 2008
First Leasings AGM venue irks minority shareholders
FMC open to restarting sugar futures trading
Foreign investors scramble to buy Indian Bonds
Forex Lawsuit Settlements near $2 billion: WSJ
FPI inflows hit Rs 11 lakh-crore mark
FSDC sub-committee to discuss inflation-linked bonds tomorrow
Geometric appoints Parth Gandhi as Non-Executive Director
Global stocks mixed after Japan policy unchanged
Gold barely changed on mixed economic signals
Gold trades flat a day before Diwali
Gold-linked money pooling schemes under Sebi scanner
Great Eastern Shipping June quarter result review
Gur prices end steady on limited buying
Hewlett-Packard Co to resume share repurchase program
Holcim elevates Ramit Budhraja to group level
HSBC sees Rupee at 60-levels by December
Hyundai Creta compact SUV: First drive review
ICICI Bank board approves five-for-one stock split
ICICI Securities launches e-voting facility for shareholders
IDBI Bank raises $500 million from bonds
IiAS recommends voting against Vijay Mallya reappointment
Important support for EUR/USD lies at $1.3588/86
Indian Register of Shipping appoints new executives
Indo Rama Synthetics CEO Ashok Gupta resigns
Indraprastha Gas corrects as SC defers decision
Infinite Computer Solutions IPO opens Jan 11
InterGlobe Aviation to list its shares tomorrow
Investors hopeful of government reviving tax-free bonds
"Investors see growth in stocks
IOD Fellowship to ONGC chairman Sudhir Vasudeva
John Kerin named ICRISAT Ambassador of Goodwill
JP Morgan elevates Nandkumar Surti as CEO
JSW Steel promoter hikes stake in company
Key takeways from Bharti Airtel's Q4 results
Leased line users get NSE fee waiver
M S Banga joins PE Fund CD&R
Mahalingam Balaji appointed IDC India Research Director
Mahendra Alladi appointed CTO at Cigniti Technologies
Market likely to drift sideways: Ashwani Gujral
Markets may consolidate post Budget: Ashwani Gujral
Markets remain in consolidation mode: Ashwani Gujral
McCann appoints two NCDs after 12 years
"MCX
MCX-SX extends rights issue till April 30
MCX-SX ongoing rights issue may face turbulence
Mid-cap stocks set to play catch-up soon
Midcaps: Bubble or multibaggers in the making?
MindTree Q2 net at Rs 23.24 cr
Mirza International has been sideways: Deepak Mohoni
Monetary easing divides analysts on gold prices
Morgan Stanley sees return of retail investors
Mouli Raman quits as CEO of OnMobile
Multi-year stock market rally on cards: Analysts
Nafed likely to market north-east horticultural products
NCDEX introduces forwards contracts segment Agrim Sauda
NCDEX introduces hedge policy for commodity markets
NCDEX's 40 approved warehouses registered under WDRA
Nifty seen in a tight 6000-6300 range
Nifty's strong support seen at 5750 levels
Nihilent Technologies considering IPO in 12-18 months
Nirma bid to unlock value via delisting
Nomura retains its 'Hold' rating on ONGC
Nothing more than CRR hike likely: Edelweiss
NSE group firm launches Quality 30 index
NSEL borrowers channelled funds to Dubai: Police
NSEL contests forensic audit findings on IBMA
NSEL-FTIL merge case adjourned to December 22
Oberoi Realty IPO price-band quite stretched: Swastika
OFS Technologies IPO opens on Dec 28
Oil prices mixed after Saudi king death
Oil prices mixed ahead of OPEC meeting
Omnitech Infosolutions bets big on RTGS implemetations
Pharma stocks need to consolidate: Ashwani Gujral
Philippe Divry appointed as Volvo India MD
Polycab Wires appoints Ramakrishnan as group CEO
Polycom appoints Geoff Thomas as APAC President
Power Finance Corporation to buyback infrastructure bonds
Prestige Estates Projects IPO: What experts say
Pulses market remains steady in tight movements
Pulses prices end steady in tight movements
Pulses prices ends flat in thin trade
Put OI around 6000 shows support zone
Quality midcaps going cheap lure fund managers
R Chandrashekhar takes over as Nasscom President
Rajnikant Patel leaves Indian Commodity Exchange posts
RBI agility helps tame money market volatility
Reliance Industries: Expect a flat earnings growth
"Remain invested in equities: Subramanium
Replanting to help tea cos raise yield
RNRL is a clear sell: Seshadri Bharathan
Rocket Internet joins rush of e-commerce listings
Rouble firms as oil steadies above $50
Rupee rules steady against dollar at 59.11
Sadbhav Infrastructure IPO subscribed by 2.24 times
SBI to launch FTSE SBI bond indices
Sebi attaches accounts in Edserv Softsystems IPO
Sebi brings more stocks under price-band net
Sebi issues warning against fraudulent regulatory calls
Sebi notifies one-time registration system for brokers
Sebi orders attachments in Indo-Pacific Software case
Sebi relaxes debt-equity conversion norms for banks
Sebi seeks clarification on Ortel Communications IPO
Sebi to revamp initial public offer process
Sebi to review surveillance systems; fast-track enforcements
Sebi to tweak employee stock option norms
"Sebi-Sahara case: Subrata Roy
Senior MCX officials'e-mails may offer key information
Sensex rangebound; top 10 stocks in focus
Several small caps trading at eye-popping valuations
Share markets await Narendra Modi maiden budget
Share markets await Narendra Modi's maiden budget
"Sharp correction on Nifty unlikely
Should investors subscribe to Shemaroo Entertainment IPO?
Siemens board OKs merging Siemens Rolling Stock
Steel prices remain flat in lacklustre trade
Steel prices remain flat in thin trade
Steel prices remain quiet in thin trade
Steel prices remain quiet in tight movements
Steel prices remain steady in thin trade
Syngene listing sparks Kiran Mazumdar-Shaws R&D dreams
TCS shares end flat after Mitsubishi deal
Ten key takeaways from Infosys first-quarter results
Three in fray for MCX-SX top post
Trent Ltd reappoints Philip Auld as CEO
Tube Investments declares 75 pc interim dividend
TVM Capital appoints Sudhir Bahl as Director-India
UK-based ARC Ratings to soon grade India
Ultratech Q2 net at Rs 116 cr
Unique identification number for hallmarked jewellery: BIS
V Balakrishnan joins Avekshaa Technologies' advisory board
VSF halved Grasim fortunes compared to Ultratech
Watch out for OnMobile: Networth Stock Broking
What Dipen Shah says on Infosys results
What's stopping rupee from appreciating beyond 60?
Which direction is crude oil heading to?
WNS Q4 Net profit at $13.4 million
Xander Finance appoints Rajeev Radhakrishnan as CFO
Yuan ticks IMF boxes for reserve currency
10 takeaways from the second-quarter results of Infosys
4597 key level on the Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
5 things to know about Apple stock split
5546 key level for Nifty today: Ashwani Gujral
6 smart things to know about gold loans
Aban Offshore broken out of large falling channel:Emkay
"After rupee crisis
AGC Net will not share data with Essar
Aircel Appoints Kaizad Heerjee as Chief Operating Officer
Americans are biggest foreign owners of Greek stocks
"Analyst View: Market wrap for Friday
"Analyst View: Market wrap for Friday
"Analyst View: Market wrap for Thursday
"Analyst View: Market wrap for Wednesday
Aniruddh Kumar assumes charge as BEML Board member
Anoop Kumar Gupta appointed Director (Electrical) of DMRC
"April 01
"April 03
"April 12
Are firms with high Europe exposure in trouble?
Are markets overplaying Iraq factor? Most likely: Experts
Asia Index launches S&P BSE India Infrastructure Index
Asian Paints Q2 Net at Rs 347.30 crore
Asian shares flat as investors digest Greek deal
"Asian stocks mixed on US earnings
"August 18
"August 4
Aurionpro appoints three independent members to its board
Avon India appoints R M Sirbu Managing Director
Bajaj Finserv reports flat consolidated PAT for Q4-FY15
Balaji Telefilms appoints Sameer Nair as Group CEO
Barjeel Geojit Securities launches brokerage services for QFIs
Be cautious before going long on Tech Mahindra
Billionaire stake shakes Woolworths buyout of David Jones
Bond yields steady ahead of RBI policy review
Bonds flat; auction cut-offs in line with expectations
Bonds: Range for 10-year G-Sec seen at 8.20-8.30%
Brokers call: Citi stays neutral on Tech Mahindra
"BSE currency derivatives turnover tops Rs 4
"BSE currency derivatives volume at Rs 2
BSE launches institutional trading platform on BSE SME
BSE shareholders approve merger with United Stock Exchange
BSE to launch IRF trading from January 20
"Bye-bye FY15; Sensex ends fiscal year at 27
Cairn India interim CEO P Elango  quits
CARE assigns IPO Grade 2 to Parabolic Drugs
Catamarans investment in SKS was to help poor
CEAT launches Rs 400 crore Qualified Institutions Placement
Cement companies try to crack capacity utilisation code
Cement got its quota of allocation: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Chasing 'moving targets'
China stocks end mixed after one-child policy reform
China to permit cross-border stock trading with HK
China yuan flat after c.bank slightly softens guidance
China yuan trades flat after US currency report
CIL IPO priced ar Rs 245 per share
CIL stake sale subscribed 30% till afternoon trade
Cisco names Dinesh Malkani new India sales head
"CITI urges traders
Component suppliers to India Mars mission in focus
Cooking oil price may rise on low production
Could diamond be the new gold for traders?
Court restrains Public Limited company from holding EGM
D K Sarraf takes over as ONGC Chairman
Daimler India Commercial Vehicles announces top management rejig
Decoding the cryogenic engine used in ISRO's launch
Dhanteras demand for gold unchanged from last year
"Dish TV appoints Sandeep Bajpai as VP
"DQE India plans IPO
Dry fruit prices rule steady in tight movements
Dubai exchange plans to launch EM currency products
Economist Johan Zyl appointed to Shriram Capital board
Educomp may see levels of 255-260: Mitesh Thacker
Emami names Ajith Babu Narasimha new healthcare CEO
Emerging stocks set for second week in red
Ennore Port launches Rs 500-crore tax-free bond sale
Enter into Hindalco at 190-195 levels: Ashwani Gujral
"E-series payments: NSEL says awaiting FMC
Euro off to calm start in event-laden week
Euro steadies after slumping on dovish Draghi comments
Euro steadies ahead of US non-farm payrolls report
European shares pause for breath ahead of data
"Experts see Sensex at 24
"February 13
"February 18
"February 22
"February 25
"February 28
"February 3
Fiat Chrysler crowns merger with Wall Street debut
First State Investment raises stake in Mahindra Lifespace
Five reasons why rupee may not appreciate much
Flat Nifty OI data hints at trend reversal
"FMC notifies new ownership
Former Airtel executive director Krish Shankar joins Philips
"Freshdesk plans for IPO
Fullerton appoints Rakesh Makkar as Executive Vice President
Fully committed to reforms in OTC derivatives: RBI
GCPL posts Q4 net at Rs 141.6 cr
GOL recommends dividend of Rs 2.50 per share
Gold purchases to resume with mid-Aug festival demand
Gold remains steady in line with international sentiment
Gold steady on safe-haven demand from Ukraine tensions
Gujarat's canal-top solar power plant: 10 must-know facts
GVK Hancock names Darren Yeates  as CEO
HAL's Made-in-India combat chopper to test its firepower
HCL Infosystems appoints two independent directors on Board
Hedging can address worries of rupee volatility: RBI
Hexaware support seen at Rs 110-115: Mitesh Thacker
Hindustan Copper pays Rs 83.22-crore dividend to government
Hong Kong stocks close flat; profit- taking offsetted
How much should you be investing in gold?
How to protect your stocks against El Nino
HT Media Q1 net at Rs 32.67 crore
ICICI Bank Q1 PAT at Rs 2274 crore
IDFC will not give immediate gains: Nitin Raheja
"IFC raises Rs 1
India Infoline Finance appoints Rajashree Nambiar as CEO
Info Edge co-promoter and CFO Ambarish Raghuvanshi resigns
INR appreciation is helping the OMCs: Gaurav Mehta
IPO for startups: Will SEBI get this right?
IPOs seen making way for mega PSU offers
"January 06
"January 09
"January 22
"January 23
"January 31
Japan says electronics OK during take-off and landing
JGBs mixed after solid demand at 5-year auction
JLT buys 26% in Sunidhis insurance brokerage arm
"June 16
"June 18
"June 2
"June 27
K. Ilango elected as CII Coimbatore zone Chairman
Keralas 1-gram gold jewellery is to go places
Kotak AMC acquires domestic schemes of PineBridge MF
KV Sridhar Joins SapientNitro as chief creative officer
"Large cap IT stocks stable: Jitendra Mehta
London Stock Exchange welcomes Arun Jaitley reforms agenda
Lowe names Narayan Ram as India Managing Director
Manoranjan Dash appointed Additional Director of Dhanlaxmi Bank
"March 06
"Market looks to Q3 numbers of TCS
Markets can correct between 8300-8400 range: Ashwani Gujral
"Markets may remain range-bound; Greece
Markets might test 7130 mark again: Mitesh Thacker
"May 7
"McDonalds may look at QIP
"MCX-SX expects to begin trading with 1
Meher Pudumjee is the new Chairperson for CII-Pune
MEP Infrastructure Rs 324 crore IPO opens tomorrow
"Micromax goes public
Micromax hopes to hit market soon with IPO
"MSCI launches low-carbon emission
MSCI shifting most of its operations to India
NBCC IPO subscribed 58 pc on Day 3
"Nifty likely to retest 8
"Nifty likely to test 7
"Nifty may test 8
Nifty seen heading towards 8250-8300 levels: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty seen in 8
Nihilent Technologies files draft IPO papers with Sebi
"Nikkei retreats on China worries
No age bar for appointing Commex managing director
"No curbs
No new money coming into IT: Gautam Trivedi
Non-subsidy current spends should be minimised: JP Morgan
"November 18
"November 22
NSE takes Renuka Sugars' 5% stake in NCDEX
NSE to conduct 75-minute 'Muhurat Trading' on Diwali
NSE to organise tech summit for BFSI sector
"NSEL scam: Investors want action against brokers
NSIC may soon become Mini-ratna I company: CMD
"NTPC pays Rs 4
Numero Uno Clothing files IPO papers with Sebi
Oil prices mixed ahead of US stockpiles report
Oil steadies around $107 after Iran talks extended
OnMobile appoints CEO Rajiv Pancholy as Managing Director
Option writers bet on Bank Nifty staying flat
Ortel Communications to tap capital markets in November
Over 50 companies moved to BSE dissemination board
PACL Bhangoo approaches SAT against Sebi recovery order
PBOC steps up intervention in yuan trading: Sources
Playing Bank Nifty ahead of US Fed meet
Postmen to tutor rural India on banking system
PowerGrid board okays FPO; issue likely by Sept
PowerGrid to hit capital market in 6-8 months
Pradeep Hejmadi appointed Business Head of Zee TV
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; GDP data eyed
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may retest 8350
Pre-RBI Policy: Here how bonds and rupee react
"Process for selecting CIL CMD begins
Proposed changes will further strengthen SEBI: Arun Jaitley
Puravankara real estate scheme not a CIS: Sebi
Quarterly numbers not to impact Ranbaxy: Harendra Kumar
Quick Heal plans initial public offer in December-January
Race hots up for U K Sinha's successor
Rajesh Exports net profit at Rs 76.12 cr
Rakesh Kumar Upadhyay is new CMD of BSNL
Ramco Systems net profit at Rs 4.77 crore
Ramprasad Reddy to head Aurobindo Pharma's US-based arm
Ravi Venkatesan steps down as Microsoft India chairman
RBI issues new reporting norms for over-the-counter trades
Recommend wait and watch for Wockhardt: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Reliance Capital Q4 profit at Rs 267 crore
Reliance Industries Ltd shares end flat after earnings
Reliance Infrastructure appoints M S Mehta as CEO
Reliance Infrastructure Q3 Net at Rs 452 crore
RINL chief P Madhusudan nominated as OMDC chairman
Sahara finally deposits Rs 3000 crore with Sebi
"Sahara investors untraceable
Sahara submits ownership papers of lands to Sebi
Sanjay Kapoor joins PVR Cinemas board as director
"Saria
SAT upholds Sebi order in Aditya International case
SBI Managing Director Hemant Contractor may head PFRDA
Sebi board clears one-time registration system for brokers
SEBI changes rule of dividend transfer under SLB
Sebi directs Suraksha Agrotech to refund investor money
"Sebi finalising new corporate governance code
Sebi issues new norms regarding delivery instruction slips
SEBI lets IDR holders convert 25% into equity
Sebi moots consolidated 'annual information' filing by firms
Sebi mulls mandatory 'Dividend Policy' for listed companies
Sebi mulls new group for manipulation-prone penny stocks
Sebi proposes new listing & disclosure requirement norms
Sebi relies on Sahara order to nail fraudsters
Sebi tightens norms for issue of participatory notes
Sebi to consider new corporate governance code tomorrow
Sebi to hire two executive directors in 2014
Sebi to issue details of corporate governance norms
Sebi to make share trading cheaper and simpler
"SEBI to replace listing regulations
Sebi to seek extra funds for investor programmes
Sebi wants companies to adopt 'Dividend Distribution Policy'
Sensex in a range; top stocks in focus
Sensex in uncharted territory; investors should tread cautiously
"September 3
SGX India office to woo fund raising corporations
Shed off weight in banking stocks: IV Subramanium
Shekhar Mittal takes over as Goa Shipyard chief
Shell Lubricants appoints Nitin Prasad as India head
Shemaroo Entertainment ends at Rs 171/share on NSE
SKS Microfinance issues NCDs worth Rs 200 crore
Spice i2i appoints Dilip Modi as Executive VC
Srei Infrastructure Finance  exploring' Diageo open offer
SRL files draft prospectus with Sebi for IPO
Startup exchange Aquis to add eight new markets
Sterling steadies ahead of BoE monetary policy meet
Stock-specific action likely; all eyes on Bank Nifty
Support seen at 6000 levels on Nifty bounceback
Syntel appoints Nitin Rakesh as CEO and President
Taiwan to tap $15.3 billion stocks stabilisation fund
Target of 165 on Orchid Chemicals: Ashuu Kakkarr
Tata Power appoints Ramesh N Subramanyam as CFO
Ten key takeaways from HCL third quarter results
Tiles maker RAK India plans to go public
"Top five factors that took Nifty past 8
Traders make a killing by selling Nifty options
TV18 Broadcast Q2 profit at Rs 43.22 crore
TV18 Broadcast Q4 profit at Rs 95.47 crore
Two brokers on police radar in NSEL case
U K Sinha appointed 8th chairman of SEBI
UCX appoints Samir Shah as Chief Executive Officer
Usha Ananthasubramanian is CMD of Bharatiya Mahila Bank
VA Tech Wabag Q4 net profit remains flat
Vedanta appoints 3 directors on Cairn India board
Vedanta appoints Mukesh Bhavnani as Group Legal Counsel
Virtusa to retain Polaris listing on Indian bourses
VK Sharma Tipped to be RBI deputy Governor
Vodafone names Philips chief Kleisterlee as new Chairman
Wait and watch for Asian Paints: Sandeep Wagle
"Wall Street ends flat in earnings
Watch out for the banking space: Angel Broking
What brokers are expecting from Infosy Q2 results
What should investors expect from HDFC Q4 results?
What's in Store for IDFC MF's Star Picks?
Why investors should not eagerly await HUL results
WNS Holdings COO Anup Gupta moves to Nexus
Worried about FII outflow? Inflows should resume soon
Yogesh Munjal to quit Hero stake for Showa
11 new entities seek membership of NCDEX forward segment
Achhe Din' ahead as quarterly results reflect market optimism
Action by Sebi under ordinance to remain valid: Government
Advertising company Outbrain files for possible Nasdaq listing: Reports
Airtel to raise 250 million more from bond sale
Alcatel-Lucent confirms plans for IPO of submarine network unit
Alkem Laboratories eyes $210 million IPO in December: Sources
Alumni back IIM-A: 40 crore promised in a day
Amfi forms panel to decide stance on shareholder votes
"Analyst View: Market wrap for Monday
Anand Selva appointed as consumer banking head of Citibank
Are you prepared for a bear market? Find out
Arun Katiyar joins One97 Mobility Fund as venture catalyst
Arun Nanda joins equity major 3i as non-executive chairman
AS Rao to join RPG as chief financial officer
Asian stocks tread water ahead of US jobs data
"Asset Reconstruction Company appoints Sanjay Jain as president
Assocham for examining select commods for any insider trading
aurionPro solutions Q4 net profit at Rs 11.24 crore
Aurobindo Pharma can go upto Rs 425: Prakash Gaba
Axis Securities elevates Arun Thukral as MD and CEO
Bajaj Electricals Q2 net profit at Rs 11.26 crore
Bank on the lenders for superb returns in 2016
"Banks seek shareholder nod for Rs 5
Bharti Airtel continues to face exodus of top executives
Bhartiya Group appoints G Raghavan as Bhartiya Urban CEO
Billionaire John Paulson retains stake in biggest gold ETP
Biocon Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw to receive 2014 Othmer Gold Medal
Biocon sets Syngene IPO price band at Rs 240-250
BNP Paribas launches first equity index linked green bond
BofA-ML pegs rupee at 57-58 on positive poll outcome
Bond market expects US Fed to wait till March
"Broad-based rally begins; Nifty may retest 8
Brokers should not bank on one IT vendor: Sebi
BSE asks brokers to remit excess STT to government
BSE expects 30 SME IPOs in next 2-3 months
"BSE Sensex may touch 23
"BSE Sensex to hit 32
C M Vasudev re-appointed as HDFC Bank non-executive chairman
Cabinet to take up PSU ETF proposal on Wednesday
Cairn India: Progress on E&P Projects key to growth
CCI probes Gujarat Gas Company on Saint Gobain Plaint
Central Bank sells entire stake in CIBIL to Transunion
China keeps investors on edge: Is it 2008 again?
"China stock markets steady after c.bank pledges ""flexible"" policy"
China yuan holds steady as corporates cling to dollar
"China yuan steady
Chinese developers to suffer little from yuan devaluation: S&P
Chinese stocks vs reality: Shares are untethered to economy
Cholamandalam gets Board approval for raising Rs 500 crore
CIL IPO in line with market expectations: Avinash Gorakshekar
CLSA's top five mid-cap picks in tough macro environment
Coaching institute Resonance Eduventures Plans Rs 500 crore IPO
Commexes asked to implement FSLRC suggestion from next month
Court order on NK Proteins MDs bail plea today
Cox & Kings Q1 PAT at Rs 147 crore
Currency ties key to dollar reserve hegemony: BIS study
Dalal street plays smart as May 16 draws near
"Dalal Street to closely follow winter session
"Dandapani named CEO of Infy BPO
Did Federal Reserve Janet Yellen just enter currency wars?
Did FIIs get a whiff of the Daiichi sale?
Dilip Buildcon files for nearly $100 mn IPO: Sources
Dilip Kumar Khandelwal appointed managing director of SAP Labs
Directors on PSB boards to get market fee soon
"Dollar firm vs commodity currencies
Essar Oilfields ropes in Ankur Gupta as new CEO
Essel Finance seeks licence to enter housing finance business
"Euro holds firm after post-ECB short-covering
Euro remains range-bound against dollar ahead of ECB meeting
"European shares steady
Europeans banks eye dollar bond market for capital boost
"Evening trading for agricultural commodities to help farmers
"Expect Nifty to trade in 8
Expect Nifty to tread between 5950-6100 levels: Mitesh Thacker
"F&O Strategy by Bhavin Desai
F&O Tracker: Nifty Likely to Trade in 8650-8280 Zone
FIIs put $1.3 bn in Indian equities in April
FIIs trim stake in FMCG companies during Jan-Mar quarter
FIMMDA removes trading bands for govt bonds for Monday
Financial sector accounts for bulk of corporate bond issuances
Flash crash: Sebi to hear NSE's reply on Monday
"Foreign investors pitch to expedite listing of NSE
Former Randstad India MD E Balaji joins TVS Logistics
"FTIL enters pact with Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
Glenmark Pharma posts FY11 net at Rs 457.83 cr
Gokul posts FY'11 net profit at Rs 61.7 crore
Gold dips but Malaysian plane downing seen aiding sentiment
"Gold treads water near $1
Gurmit Singh joins Yahoo India as new Managing Director
Guruvayur temple to buy 10 kg saffron every month
HCC reports Rs 5.39 crore net profit in Q3
Hindalco Industries promotes Satish Pai as deputy managing director
Hold Financial Technologies at current level:  G Chokkalingam
"Hold JSW Steel
HSBC securities registers for new Foreign Portfolio Investor scheme
HT Media Q3 net profit at Rs 67.02 crore
HUL: Soaps business holds the key to co's prospects
ICICIdirect Centre for Financial Learning launches StockMIND Season 4
"IDFC Bank debuts on bourses
IDFC lowers FII shareholding limit by 0.25 percentage points
IIHFL to raise Rs 200 crore through non-convertible debentures
IL&FS Engineering files papers for Rs 300-crore rights issue
Immediate resistance for rupee is placed at 55.85: Bonanza
In-charges of Rourkela Steel Plant awarded for exemplary work
"India
"Indian funds
Infosys Q1 results: 5 things to watch out for
Infosys Q3 earnings: Five things to watch out for
Infrastructure stocks' direction depends on the market: Deepak Mohoni
Investigators turn bankers into informants in forex probe: WSJ
Investors should tread carefully in midcaps ahead of results
Is gold a safe haven for investors in India?
J&K Bank nets Rs 932 crore in nine months
Jewellers seek a role in new gold monetisation scheme
JP Chalasani quits Reliance Power to join Punj Lloyd
JSW Steel little changed despite unfavourable ruling against subsidiary
Karl-Ulrich Kohler to replace Kirby Adams as Corus CEO
Kartik Kaushik to lead Citi India consumer banking division
"KEC International: Orders help
Kenneth Andrade exits IDFC Mutual Fund leaving investors jittery
Kotak Mutual Fund appoints Harsha Upadhyaya as equities head
Lending Club bursts onto Wall Street with $870-million IPO
Lodha Developers Pvt to raise $1 billion via IPO
Lodha Group relaunches $350 million overseas bond sale plan
"Lok Sabha passes Sebi Bill
London-based billionaire among bidders for Financial Technologies MCX stake
Maintain limited investment in real estate stocks: Neeraj Deewan
"March series may expire at 6
Mario Draghi gets ECB support for unlimited bond purchase
Markets are expecting reforms-oriented Budget this time: Hemindra Hazari
Markets may correct 5-6% in the near future: Edelweiss
Markets should be range bound between 7950-8050: Ashwani Gujral
Markit IPO may value company at about $4.47 bn
Maruti Q4 results: Here what to watch out for
Maruti Suzuki could have avoided the mix-up: Prateek Agarwal
Masala bonds offer diversification but only for few: Fitch
May see uptick in cyclicals going ahead: Anand Tandon
MCX appoints one more shareholder director on its Board
MCX investors give nod to transfer Financial Technologies' stake
MCX-SX gets Sebi approval for IRF; launch this month
"Micromax launches Canvas Pace 4G Q416
Midcap IT space insulated with domestic uncertainties: Prakash Diwan
Monsanto appoints Shilpa Divekar Nirula as India Region CEO
Motilal Oswal PE seeks tax exemption for fund investors
Mphasis: Company needs to move out of parent's shadow
MT Educare allots 17.38 lakh shares to anchor investors
MT Educare plans IPO for college campus in Karnataka
Mukund Abhyankar has been elected as chairman of NAFCUB
Narayan Ramachandran to resign as Morgan Stanley country head
Network18 to raise Rs 300 cr by issuing debentures
New consent order norms in a few weeks: Sebi
Neyveli Corp: Tamil Nadu government offer referred to Sebi
NHPC reports Rs 719 cr net profit for Q1
Nifty could correct maximum by 130 points: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty to reach 8600-8700 at some point: Ashwani Gujral
Nifty to remain sideways around 8290 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Nikkei steady as China data arrives in-line with expectations
NPA cycle has peaked out for SBI: Prakash Diwan
NSE issues guidance for companies to make right disclosures
NSE to auction limits in bonds for foreign investors
"NSEL follows govt diktat
NSEL investors forum to appeal against High Court Order
NSEL promoter Jignesh Shah submits bona fides to FMC
"NYSE tests systems
Oil price forecasts: BofA Merrill cuts 2016 Brent forecast
One can selectively look into auto sector: Mehraboon Irani
Onno Ruhl appointed World Bank Country Director for India
OPEC Secy-Gen says low oil price will not continue
Opening of Saudi stock market to boost MENA region
Ozone Pharma planning for IPO in the near future
P Madhusudan assumes charge as new CMD of RINL
Patni founders rule out stake sale plans at AGM
Petronet LNG posts flat performance for March 2013 quarter
Piramal Enterprises Q1 net profit at Rs 4.08 crore
"Piramal offer floating rate bonds
Prabhudas Lilladhers largecap ideas to buy in Muhurat trading
Pre-market: Nifty likely to open gap-down on Greece woes
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat in special trading session
Pre-market: Nifty50 may open flat tracking mixed global cues
Prime Broking to move Supreme Court against NSE arm
PSU banks showing some signs of life: Ajay Bodke
PSU sector riding on size and liquidity: Dilip Bhat
"PSUs languishing in valuations
Punj Lloyd Q3 net profit at Rs 13 cr
PVR reports Q3 net profit at Rs 31.55 crore
R Neelakantan returns to SpiceJet as chief financial officer
Rajdeep Endow is new Managing Director of Sapient India
Ramco Systems waiting SEBI's nod on rights issue: CEO
"RBI buys bonds worth Rs 9
RBI monetary policy review to dictate trend on bourses
RBI sets rupee reference rate at 64.92 against dollar
Recent correction should bring back foreign investors to India'
Recommend wait and watch for retail sector: Deepak Shenoy
Rice bran oil associations campaigning hard to increase consumption
"Richard Merwe appointed MD
Rupee hits 59.22 against US dollar in intraday trade
"S.Korean stocks slip for 3rd consecutive session
Sahara case: Sebi to seek help of foreign regulators
"Same time next year
Samsung Bioepis hires banks for planned Nasdaq IPO: Source
Sanjiv Singh takes over as IOCs director of refineries
SAT adjourns hearing on RIL-Sebi case to April 16
"SBI appoints B Sriram
SBI chief Bhattacharya in race for Sebi top job
"SBI gets shareholder nod for Rs 11
SC dismisses Dalals' plea in the IPO fraud case
SC gives verdict on Presidential reference; telecom stocks mixed
Sebi allows 100 alternative funds to operate in India
Sebi allows Pune Stock Exchange to exit bourse business
Sebi asks AIFs to give full disclosure on 'associates'
Sebi exempts Prozone promoter trust from making open offer
Sebi has it all to prove in insider probe
SEBI may seek litigation information from companies launching IPOs
Sebi mulls fresh checks on mis-selling of mutual funds
"Sebi norms on REITs
Sebi proposes norms for reclassifying promoter as public shareholders
Sebi seeks clarification from 3 firms on IPO plans
Sebi studies its own regulatory impact: U K Sinha
Sebi to act tough in high-profile insider trading cases
Sebi to empanel administrators to look after refund process
Sebi wants strict compliance to mandatory woman director norms
Sebi's stand against reluctant promoters may benefit small investors
Securitised debt must be settled via clearing houses: SEBI
"See Nifty at 7
Should new investors opt for stocks or mutual funds?
Singapore bail-in proposals make senior bond holders breathe easy
South Africa rand steady ahead of S&P rating update
SpiceJet to issue warrants to promoters for fund raising
"Srikanth Srinivas joins Adfactors as senior V-P
State government companies lure PFs with high-return bond issues
Sterling firms as early results go against Scottish independence
"Sterling in limbo ahead of UK jobs
Submit associate members' details by February-end: NSE to brokers
Sudhir Mathur becomes the new CFO of Cairn India
Sunil Mittal appointed co-chair of India Africa Business Council
Surprised with Unilever's open offer for HUL: Anirudha Dutta
Symantec appoints Sanjay Rohatgi as President of India Sales
Taiwan to launch yuan forex futures in July: Sources
Target for Nifty Future seen at 9180-9200: Ashish Chaturmohta
Tata Group eyes $350 billion market cap by 2025
Tata Motors shareholders approve pay proposals of 3 executives
"Tata Sons appoints Sunil Sinha Resident Director
"TBWA rejigs India top management
"TCS Q4 profit seen at Rs 5
"Technicals point to increasing probability of 7
Ten market-linked insurance funds beat Nifty on fiscal returns
The fundamental road ahead: Markets seen rangebound in December
"Things edgy for infrastructure companies: Pankaj Pandey
Timeline of China's attempts to prevent stock market meltdown
Top 5 key takeaways from Tata Motors Q2 results
Turnaround in FMCG may take a few more quarters
"UBS sees Nifty at 8
United Bank profit at Rs 41.78 crore in Q3
US Dollar mixed in Asia after Fed chief comments
US dollar steady ahead of US Federal Reserve meeting
Use correction to re-enter market at lower levels: Analysts
Valiant Capital values Shriram Housing at Rs 750 cr
"VC
Vijaya Bank reports Rs 161.46 crore Q1 net profit
Vishal Sikka to outline strategy at Infosys Q2 results
VRL Logistics files draft paper with Sebi for IPO
Wall Street ends near flat after mixed economic data
"Watch for SBI's level of 2400: Rajat Bose
What should investors expect from Reliance Industries' 40th AGM?
"Whats trending in F&Os? 8
Why does high-speed rail remain elusive in the US?
Wipro Q4 results: Five things to watch out for
Yes Bank wrangle may be solved out of court
"Yuan slips on PBOC guidance
2010 could well be the year of midcaps: BNP Paribas
5 triggers that can unveil some hidden gems among midcaps
"A year on from record low
Adani Group to hit global bond mkt with $1.5-bn issue
Akhil Puri joins KKR Capstone in Asia as India Director
Alkem Labs appoints banks for up to $291 million IPO
Alstom Project can retest highs of 415 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Asia Index to make India hub for South-East Asia markets
Atul Auto will find resistance around Rs 128-130: Ashwani Gujral
Bank Nifty is the key to tomorrow trading: Mitesh Thacker
Bharat Forge Q2 profit nearly flat at Rs 175 crore
Bosch Ltd posts Q2 net profit of Rs 305 crore
Botched Facebook IPO on Nasdaq led Alibaba to choose NYSE
BSE eyes trading speed of 20 microseconds in three years
BSE sets circuit limit of 10% for United Breweries scrip
"BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4
BSE to auction investment limits for Rs 332-crore government bonds
"CAG report
Camlin Fine Sciences Q2 net profit of Rs 5.81 crore
Can the party in US stocks keep going in 2015?
Carl Icahn says his firm sold remainder of Netflix stake
Catholic Syrian Bank files for up to $64 mn IPO
CCI considering cartelisation issue in guar gum trade: Sachin Pilot
China promises to make currency yuan freely traded by 2020
"China yuan snaps 6-day gaining streak on weak PMI
Chinese corporate bond market calm despite default by Chaori Solar
Cisco rejigs India operations; appoints Dinesh Malkani as President Sales
Clams may turn out to be Kerala new marine gold
Clariant Chemicals posts Rs 166.77 crore net profit in 2013
Commex regulator steps in to scotch rumours on agricultural futures
Continue to buy till Nifty breaks 8090-8100 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Corrections in market will be shorter than rallies: Ashwani Gujral
Currency wars: Dollar vs yuan vs euro through the ages
Deutsche Bank uses UTIs deemed FII status to buy bonds
Diesel ban: How apex courts decision will impact India Inc
Direct FII market access to come from full rupee convertibility
Do not see too much downside for Infosys: Deven Choksey
Dollar holds firm as markets sniff risks of Fed hawkishness
DTH Industry: Early lead on volume front to decide winners
Entity registered as broker cannot act as merchant banker: Sebi
ET in the Classroom: Simple strategies to play Nifty F&O
Euro holds steady as European Central Bank policy decision looms
Euronext says cash market's pre-opening to start at 0700 GMT
"EY National Director Sunil Chandiramani quits
F&O Tracker: Call bunching at 7500 on Nifty shows resistance
F&O Tracker: Nifty likely to end at 8400 on expiry
FIIs place bids worth Rs 813 crore for government bonds
FIIs submit bids worth $ 1.58 billion for government bonds
"FinMin
"First India bond ETF
Fitch Ratings assigns BB+ to Tata Steel $1.5 billion notes
FMC asks NSEL to file recovery suits against all defaulters
Force Motors appoints Naresh Rattan as COO of tractor biz
Former LIC Chairman Dinesh Kumar Mehrotra named to MCX board
Forward Markets Commission chairman Ramesh Abhishek gets another 3-month extension
Forward Markets Commission okays settlement of e-series contracts to NSEL
Forward Markets Commission working on single clearance for commodity exchanges
FTIL likely to invite bids for MCX stake this week
FTIL to 'highlight correct facts' of MCX-SX buyback to CBI
FTSE readies new global index series to include China A-shares
Fullerton India Credit to raise Rs 6 bn via bonds
Gallantt Ispat lists with 4 pc premium at Rs 52
Gateway Distriparks arm Snowman Logistics plans Rs 200 crore IPO
German classifieds group Scout24 says to list shares this year
Goa Carbon posts Rs 8.03 cr profit for Q4 FY14
Gold Monetisation Scheme: Jewellers to approach RBI to request involvement
GSF Accelerator inducts two partners Nishkaam Mehta and Sanjay Jain
GSK Consumer Healthcare: Transfer of pricing pressure is the key
"GST isn't a disappointment for market: Gaurav Mehta
H G Contractor takes over as new CFO of SBI
Harish Bhat to be member-Group Executive Council of Tata Sons
HCC allots shares worth Rs 400 cr to institutional investors
Hedge funds with India focus set for a sizzling show
Hikal reports net profit of Rs 5 crore for Q1
HNIs buy Nifty-linked debentures worth Rs 200-300 crore every month
HSBC handpicks seven hot midcap themes for the year 2014
"IIFCL plans to raise Rs 1
Immediate target in M&M seen at Rs 730-745: Nirmal Bang
India Inc taps into corporate bond market to fund expansions
India Inc's second quarter profits flat but silver lining visible
India likely to issue new 10-year bond in June: sources
"Indices unlikely to see major correction: Gaurang Shah
"IndiGo's IPO set to fly
Indo Rama Synthetics Q3 net profit at Rs 47.08 cr
Initial target for Tata Elxsi seen at Rs 320: Ventura
International Monetary Fund should regulate global central banks: Raghuram Rajan
"Investors root for Narendra Modi
Investors sell old tax-free bonds to put money in new
Investors should be judicious in the IT space: Ajay Bodke
IRFC tax-free bond issue subscribed 0.55 times within an hour
It should pay to stay with PSU Banks: Ashwani Gujral
Japan's Recruit prices $2 billion IPO at top of range
"Jim Rogers may buy gold if price drops to $1
JSW Steel keen to acquire assets of Bhushan Group: Sources
JSW Steel promoter hikes stake marginally for Rs 25 crore
K C Samal is the new director (finance) at NALCO
Karl Slym joins Tata Motors as MD ahead of schedule
Keeping tab on funds entering market: Sebi on black money
Kesoram Industries with a target of Rs 142: Ashwani Gujral
Kotak-ING union takes some bank stocks to a high station
Loha Ispaat's Rs 210-crore IPO to hit market on Tuesday
"Looking at implementation aspect rather than policy: Pankaj Pandey
LSE Group names Nikhil Rathi CEO of London Stock Exchange
LSE partners with Chinese banks to promote London renminbi trading
LSE says receives 97 per cent take-up for rights issue
M Teresa Kho is ADB new country director for India
Maharashtra Seamless' Board approves Rs 100 crore share buy back
Man Jit Singh named president of Sony home entertainment division
Man who sacked Steve Jobs has good words for Apple
Market avoiding companies mired in coal allocation scam: Ajay Bodke
"Market closer to the range of 6
Market movers: Top 5 policy triggers government initiated in November
Marks & Spencer's appoint Venu Nair as India operations head
Matrimony.com files papers to raise Rs 600-700 cr via IPO
McAfee announces Anand Prahlad's appointment as head of India operations
MCX managing director & CEO Vaish quits on health grounds
"Merge NSEL with FTIL
MF revival will be top on new SEBI chief's list
MMTC stake sale offer likely to hit markets this month
"Mondelez International elevates Manu Anand
More than 50% NSE-listed firms yet to hire women directors
MT Educare fixes price band at Rs 74-80 per share
Multi Commodity Exchange appoints Praveen Kumar Singhal as interim CEO
N K Verma is new ONGC Videsh Ltd Managing Director
"Nabard plans to raise Rs 5
NBCC fixes IPO price band at Rs 90-106 per share
Network 18 Media plans to raise funds via public deposits
New consent norms are in accordance with law: Sebi chief
Nifty can move beyond 7000 only post elections: Arvind Sanger
Nifty heading towards key support zones of 6570-6650: Ashwani Gujral
"Nifty likely to be in 8
"Nifty likely to test its 200-DMA of 8
Nifty may hit 8000 in the near term: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty to hit 8080-8150 in next few days: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty unlikely to get past the 7550-7560 mark: Ashwani Gujral
Nifty's consolidated P/E makes Indian markets cheaper than its peers
Nine stocks that led Nifty rally in last one year
"Nitin Fire Protection Industries expects Rs 1
No tax on capital gains on offshore rupee bonds: CBDT
"Nomura
Nothing has changed for real estate sector structurally: Pramod Gubbi
NSE prepares system to check freak trades in F&O segment
"NSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 3
NSE to launch physical subscription on web-based mutual fund platform
NSEL Imbroglio: Enforcement Directorate now attaches Aastha Property in Mumbai
Parabolic Drugs fixes IPO price at Rs 75 per share
"Participatory notes: A sensitive topic for govt
"PBOC halts ""regular"" yuan intervention but allows for effective management"
PFC's FPO on May 10; govt's first disinvestment this fiscal
"Post 2G spectrum auction
PR Ravimohan appointed RBI nominee director of Bank of India
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may find support around 7460
PTC Fin IPO in mid-March; to raise Rs 800 cr
Rakesh Sethi takes over as new CMD of Allahabad Bank
"RBI's monetary policy
Recommend wait and watch for midcap IT stocks: Dipan Mehta
Reliance Communications names former Bharti executive Vinod Sawhny as CEO
Remain invested in Infosys despite key management exits: Mehraboon Irani
Revival in sight for Engineers India after poor quarterly numbers
RIM appoints HP India's Sunil Dutt as new India head
Russian roubles firms in first minutes of trading on Friday
Samsung India mobile chief Vineet Taneja joins Micromax as CEO
SAT upholds Sebi order against three entities in Axon case
SBI Life Insurance appoints Arijit Basu as MD and CEO
Scotts Garments IPO: Skip the issue and wait for listing
Sebi disposes case against Real estate firm Hubtown after settlement
Sebi imposes Rs 10 lakh on Vas Infrastructure 5 promoters
Sebi in touch with RBI on dealing with willful defaulters
Sebi issues norms for sharing KYC details with financial regulators
Sebi may make succession plan a must in listed companies
Sebi plans surprise inspection of companies existing only on paper
Sebi to participate in India International Trade Fair at Delhi
Sebi wants government to allow pension money in Mutual Funds
See trailing stop for Nifty at 8450 levels: Ashwani Gujral
Sensex at 100K in 10 years quite likely: Navneet Munot
Sensex consolidates in narrow range; top 20 intraday trading ideas
"Sesa Sterlite reports Rs 1
Shibulal may succeed Kris Gopalakrishnan as Infosys CEO this April
Shilpi Cable hopeful to launch Rs 56-cr IPO in January
Shriram City to launch Rs 200-crore NCD on April 16
Six key takeaways for market from RBI money policy review
Six trading houses imported 40 per cent gold in September
Snapdeal to go public in 1-2 years: Co-founder Kunal Bahl
Sodexo names Rishi Gour as COO of Onsite Services Solutions
Sri Lanka rupee forwards steady on central bank moral suasion
StanChart IDR holders can convert 25% of holding into shares
"Sterling takes pause from election-inspired gains
Surya Roshni posts Rs 11.90-crore net profit in Q1 FY13
Taj Group names P V Ramana Murthy as Global Head-HR
Tata Power posts Rs 247 crore profit in September quarter
Tata Power Q3 consolidated PAT seen at Rs 230 crore
Tata Power: Existing investors should participate in upcoming rights issues
Telecom sector can see several M&As post elections: Gaurang Shah
Three Chinese asset managers commit funds to stock purchase plans
"Three PSBs to Raise Rs 4
Top three reasons why rupee is gaining strength against USD
"Traders expect gold prices to be rangebound
Trend Micro appoints Dhanya Thakkar as MD India and SAARC
"Ultratech Cement: High costs mar show
Uninor CEO Yogesh Malik quits; Sigve Brekke made interim CEO
UP mills may have to wait for central subsidy benefits
US stocks: Wall Street ends first day of 2015 flat
Vishal Retail posts Q4 net profit at Rs 10.47 cr
Vodafone ropes in Philips President & CEO as new Chairman
Wadia Group appoints Giorgio De Roni as CEO of GoAir
What happening in the oil market right now is 'unprecedented'
What should investors do with TCS ahead of Q2 results?
Where are markets headed? 6080 is the new magic number
Where is the market headed? Here is what technicals show
Why long-term investors should believe in Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka
Will avoid PSU banking space until RBI intervention: Prateek Agarwal
Wipro Q2 PAT at Rs 2085 crore: Ten key takeaways
"With unique business model
"WNS appoints Adrian Dillon
100 Infosys shares for 9.5K in 1993 now worth 4 crore
2014: A year for midcaps - Do you have a strategy?
3-5 per cent correction unlikely to affect markets: P Phani Sekhar
5490 is a key level for the Nifty today: Ashwani Gujral
6150 on the Nifty looks a matter of time: Ashwani Gujral
"AAP effect: After sizzling 2013
"Adlabs cuts IPO price band
"Adopt bottom-up approach to investing
"After unexpected rate cut by China
Air India finally sacks Arora as COO of its budget airline
"Airbus appoints Srinivasan Dwarakanath as India CEO
Airtel hires IT expert Manish Prakash to head its enterprise unit
Ajit Kalghatgi is Bharat Electronics Limited's new Director Research and Development
Another 200-300 points downside is possible on Bank Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Arvind Saxena appointed as MD of Volkswagen Passenger Cars in India
"Azim Premji Trust to sell 1
Bank of Baroda issues $750 million dollar bonds for 5.5 years
Bank of China first Chinese bank to join gold price benchmark
Battery companies an interesing prospect in the coming days: Ajay Bagga
Beat Fed blues with these top 15 high-conviction ideas by experts
Bengaluru-based builder Unishire raises Rs 126 crore through issue of NCDs
"Better coordination needed to check ponzi menace: UK Sinha
Bharti Realty appoints S K Sayal as Managing Director and CEO
"Bond issuers seek better pricing after RBI rate cut
"BPCL can be bought on all declines: Ashwani Gujral
"BSE Sensex flirts with 25
"Cairn India Rs 5
"Call data record is important evidence in fraud cases
Camlin Fine Sciences posts Rs 4.28 crore net profit in Q1
Canara Bank hands over dividend of Rs 348.81 cr to government
"Cheaper inputs help
China stocks end firmer as investors switch into tech from property
China stocks mixed as investors hold back before SH-HK connect launch
China to test longer onshore yuan trading hours Dec 23-30: Sources
Chinas Xiaomi hires Jabong co-founder Manu Jain to head India operations
Claris to buy-back 14.49 per cent stake for Rs 231.25 crore
Claris to buy-back 14.49 per cent stake for Rs 231.25 crore
Co-founder PV Ramaprasad Reddy becomes billionaire as Aurobindo triples to record
"Commodities is a tricky call: Dhiraj Agarwal
Commodity bourse ICEX plans rights issue as part of revival plan
Companies should get listed within six days of share sale: Sebi
"Cong agrees to cooperate on 6 key bills
Continue to hold on to long positions in Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
"Correction in markets is not likely anytime soon: Jitendra Sriram
Data surge to support Airtel's growth but African woes may stay
"December quarter earnings
Declining trend is about to get over for VIP: Mitesh Thacker
Delta Corp will have sustainability only after 65 levels: Vijay Bhambwani
Dhunseri Petrochem and Tea posts Q4 PAT at Rs 25.08 crore
"Dollar flatlines ahead of Janet Yellen
Dr Lal Path Labs plans IPO; files draft papers with Sebi
D-Street could move 2% on either side on Thursdays Fed outcome
D-Street eyes RIL for direction; here's how to trade the stock
"DVC aims to raise 1
Exchanges need to change mindset: Bombay Stock Exchange chief Ashish Chauhan
Expect Nifty to test 6000 in next few months: BP Singh
"Expect Nifty to touch level of 6
Expect Nifty to be rangebound between 8420 and 8530: Mitesh Thacker
F&O Tracker: Watch out for BankNifty & FII cash market data
Fertiliser cos need to move out of subsidiary regime: UR Bhat
"FIIs
Financial sector key to final week of trading on Wall Street
Five reasons why markets could make fresh record high anytime now
Five reasons why markets won't fall for US Fed's taper tantrum
Five things to watch out for from Wipro results and commentary
"Franklin Templeton buys record Rs 16
F-Secure appoints Adarsh Kaul as India director for sales and marketing
"FTIL sells SMX for $150 mn; clear dues
FX traders to be interviewed as part of BoE probe: Sources
G-7 agrees to slap more sanctions on Russia; markets on edge
Global happenings likely to affect markets in the short-term: Prateek Agarwal
Global markets: Economic data will continue to be important this week
GoDaddy's IPO to value web-hosting company at up to $2.87 billion
Government selects 5 bankers to manage Indian Oil Corporation stake sale
Grasim looks good but range of growth not much: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Gunit Chadha
"Heard on the Street: SKS Microfinance
Here are the 10 big market stories that will dominate 2015
"Hindalco: Rising input costs a worry
Hopes of policy clearances by government driving metal stocks: Arindam Ghosh
"Hospitality doyen
How to hedge yourself against ripples from Asias biggest economy China
How to play Tata Consultancy Services stock ahead of Q4 results
"HUDCO raises Rs 2
"IIFCL too boards infra bond wagon
IL&FS Transportation Rs 524 crore rights issue to open on Monday
In no hurry to recommend 'Buy' on Coal India: Mehraboon Irani
Indian Energy Exchange appoints S N Goel as CEO & MD
Infosys director Ann M Fudge wont seek reappointment after term expiry
Infosys riding on Vishal Sikka anticipated turnaround strategy: P Phani Sekhar
Infosys to get list of CEO probables by June 1st week
"Investment banker Manish Chokhani to head TPGs India
Investors may not gain much from new structure of Crompton Greaves
Investors turn focus to proxy benchmark government bond maturing in 2028
"IRFC to raise Rs 10
IT sector continues to be enduring story of India: Jagdish Malkani
IT stocks likely to take Nifty to 8000-8100 levels: Sandeep Wagle
"Japan Post: IPO to include separate listings of bank
Japanese messaging app Line files for IPO valued above $10 billion
JPMorgan downgrades RIL to 'neutral'; raises target price to Rs 1100
JPMorgan handpicks six midcap stocks which can outperform markets in 2015
Key thing for OMCs is the subsidy sharing pattern: India Infoline
Lakshmi Vilas Bank seeks Sebi nod for Rs 505-cr rights issue
Lanco Infratech board to consider compulsory convertible debentures issuance next week
"Look out for opportunities in midcap companies: Tushar Pradhan
"Macro data
Manpasand IPO hits market today; should you buy? What analysts say
"Market driven by expectation of a reformist government
Market is chasing anything related with Gujarat or Modi: Jagdish Malkani
"Market may remain sideways; 8
"Markets overbought
Markets to trade in range till Bihar election results: Sudip Bandhopadhyay
Maruti Suzuki flat ahead of Q1 results; here what to expect
Matrix sells 4.8% in Tree House Education for Rs 50 crore
MCX receives nearly 60 applications for MD and CEO vacant post
Michael Mayer appointed Director of  Volkswagen Passenger Cars in India
Mphasis: No major turnaround for the company in the near term
Need to maintain long positions in the given market: Ashwani Gujral
Next couple of days will indicate direction for markets: Ashwani Gujral
"Nifty can reach 8000 levels in six months
Nifty could go upto 8400-8450 in the near future: Deven Choksey
"Nifty stuck in a range
"Nifty to consolidate at current levels; 9
Nifty to stay between 6000-6400 prior to general elections: Jagdish Malkani
Nokia India appoints V Sembian as new head of Chennai factory
Nokia India head P Balaji resigns under new Microsoft set up
Now open: Narayana Hrudayalaya IPO likely to cross the line today
NSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 646 crore on Tuesday
NSE to auction investment limits for Rs 852 crore govt bonds
NSEL to begin remat of e-series metal contracts from April 12
"OMCs have not even matched the Nifty's performance: Vijay Bhambwani
"OMCs rally on petrol price hike
P Padmanabhan takes over as Managing Director of Numaligarh Refinery Limited
Perpetual bonds are quite a hit with investors in rate-cut season
Policy push likely to stabilise rupee in 60-61 band: Prateek Agarwal
"Poll: Us Federal Reserve may rates twice in 2015
"Post RBI policy: Bonds draw comfort from future guidance
PSUs need to operate on economic principles to perform: Dipan Mehta
PwC submits special audit report on Multi Commodity Exchange to FMC
"Raghuram Rajan says
Ramco Systems plans to raise Rs 123 crore from rights issue
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd PAT for FY12 at Rs 751 crore
Rathin Basu appointed Country President of Alstom India & South Asia
RBI executive director G Gopalakrishna may get top job at CAFRAL
RBI tightens norms for NBFCs; heres how it impacts different stocks
"Really like the new start-up spaces
Reduction in diesel prices will not be taken negatively: Ajay Bodke
"Reliance Industries likely to remain range bound: Jagannadham Thunuguntla
"Religare Health to raise upto Rs 2
Results announcement: NTPC asks directors not to trade in its shares
RIL case: SAT seeks Sebi clarity on new consent mechanism norms
RNRL will rise beyond current levels before declining earnestly: Deepak Mohoni
"Rs 2
Ruchi Soya buys 50 pc in Gemini for Rs 45 crore
S Padmanabhan appointed as Executive Chairman of Tata Quality Management Services
Samruddhi Cement lists at Rs 588 on BSE post Grasim demerger
Samvat 2071: Top nine stocks for Diwali 2014 by Microsec Capital
SAP Names Adaire Fox-Martin as President of Asia Pacific Japan Region
Search panel recommends S S Mundra for RBI Deputy Governor's role
Sebi directs Kim Infra to refund public money within 3 months
Sebi may allow other financial regulators to access central KYC data
Sebi mulls stronger norms to check misuse of POAs by brokers
"Sebi tightens screws on dubious inflows from loosely regulated
SelectUSA arrives to lure SMEs to set up shop in USA
Sensex at 25000 on election results day? Brokers get cold feet
Sensex directionless; heres what experts are betting on in rangebound markets
"Sensex may touch 28
Sensex trading in a narrow range; top ten stocks in focus
Sensex trading in a narrow range; top twelve stocks in focus
Shaking up the management: What is in store for Standard Chartered?
Shareholders give LSE green light for $2.7 billion Frank Russell deal
Shemaroo Entertainment Rs 120 crore IPO to open on September 16
"Shilpa Shetty
"SIC Global launches Stockal
SMC Global files fresh papers with Sebi for its public issue
Southeast Asia stocks most higher; Philippines retreats after May export drop
Spike in crude & gold trade on NCDEX under FMC lens
"SREI Infrastructure to raise up to Rs 1
Star appoints M K Srinivasan as senior VP for North America
"Stay invested in Coal India
"Still enough trading opportunities in primary sectors: Prakash Diwan
Sun eclipses Ranbaxy on Street; expert take on $3.2 bn deal
Swing calls that can give sharp returns in a weak market
Tata Global Beverages names Ajoy Misra as new MD & CEO
Tech rivals Apple-IBM ink marketing deal to embrace iPhones & iPads
Too early to say consensus has cut India's overweight rating: JPMorgan
"Too early to take a call on metals: Jitendra Mehta
"Too much diversification is not helpful: Parag Telang
"Top Ramen maker
"Trend in dollar
Unwinding of longs key feature of the stock market in June
Varun Berry to take over as CEO of PepsiCo India Foods
Volatility may force a rethink on short-term inflows into government bonds
Wall Street Week Ahead: Tech earnings take center stage next week
Will add ONGC to portfolio on diesel deregulation prospects: Deepak Shenoy
Wipro appoints senior VP Jeff Heenan-Jalil to board of Opera Solutions
Cushman and Wakefield appoints PR Srinivas as director of hospitality service
"5550 is likely to be tested: Sandeep Wagle
6500 to 6800 is now the range for the Nifty: Sandeep Wagle
7080 mark to watch for Nifty traders on intraday basis: Mitesh Thacker
"AEGON Religare Life Insurance  names K S Gopalakrishnan as MD
"Anil Manghnani
Ansal Properties & Infrastructure posts Q4 net profit at Rs 13.55 crore
Asset rejig tightening will have big impact on banking system: UR Bhat
Betting on dividend yields: Top ten stocks that can counter market volatility
Big ticket market debuts like Coffee Day Enterprises mask thin IPO pipeline
Bill Gross' Janus Global Unconstrained Bond posts $11.7 million outflow in May
Brent could be headed towards $80 a barrel in near term: Trend-Wise
Brent holds steady above $105 on geopolitical tension ahead of inventory data
Brokerages' views on United Spirits after Diageo offers to sell W&M biz
Budget 2014: Government to issue net 144.54 billion rupees of 91-day t-bills
Catholic Syrian Bank to file for $80 mn IPO in April: Sources
"CBI must apologise if enquiry fails
Chandan Deep Singh Dang appointed as Chief Marketing Officer of Tupperware India
China and Asia on shaky ground as factories step back in July
China to launch stock index circuit breaker early next year - Caixin
Chinese firm New Crystal Material Holdings appeals against Taiwan regulators over IPO
City Union Bank to raise up to Rs 350 cr from QIP
Clearing Corporation of India to issue unique ID codes to legal entities
Colgate appoints Issam Bachaalani as Managing Director with effect from October 1
Coming weeks may see Nifty hovering in a narrow range: Ashwani Gujral
"Companies generating cash will be preferred by investors: Gopinath Natarajan
"Companies put debt over equity
Copper's plunge: Bad omen for world economy or just an interesting sideshow?
"CSR platform goes live on BSE; projects worth Rs 2
Difficult to sustain 6000 at Nifty in next few days: Ashwani Gujral
DK Sarraf to become new ONGC head; govt rejects Sudhir Vasudevas extension
Dollar firm as Fed minutes likely to highlight policy divergence with peers
Don't see much of an upside for RIL going forward: Harendra Kumar
Drug firm Strides Arcolab reports Q4 net profit at Rs 69.66 crore
D-Street awaits TCS results for direction; here's how to trade the stock
Earnings of IT companies to hold on to current level: Kunj Bansal
Earnings season is here again! Top stocks that can lead market rally
EPFO wants funds to lower fee for investing in equity via ETFs
"Exchange-traded funds make an exit of Rs 4
Exim Bank plans to tap US institutional investors for overseas bond issue
Expect markets to be range bound in the near term: Mitesh Thacker
Farmer bodies likely to lock horns with sugar mill owners in Maharashtra
Five things to know about trading securities smartly in the stock market
"Foreign assets in  Hong Kong Exchange Fund HK$2
"Foreign investors put in bids worth Rs 2
Forward Markets Commission asks bourses not to charge audit fee from members
Forwards Market Commission seeks public comments on market making in commodity segment
Further clarity on subsidy sharing mechanism to rerate OMC stocks: Deven Choksey
Geojit BNP Paribas net profit for 2012-13 stands at Rs 82 crore
Government allows investing 5 per cent of EPFO corpus in stock markets
Grey IPO market shows signs of revival with Sensex scaling new peaks
"HCL Technologies Q1 PAT at Rs 1
Heres why FIIs will go long on India and short on Indonesia
How Wall Street banks are looking to woo and retain young talent
"IFCI seeks govt nod for raising Rs 1
IGL won't reap immediate benefits from shift to cleaner fuel: Deven Choksey
IISL to rebrand its indices; CNX Nifty to be renamed Nifty 50
Indian companies are in pretty decent shape despite challenging environs: Dipan Mehta
"Insurance Bill is not a game changer: P Phani Sekhar
Investors should go for judicious mix of defensives and cyclicals: Ajay Bodke
Iron ore steadies at highest level on decline in raw material stocks
Is Wall Street set to witness deal-making rivaling the dot-com bubble time?
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd reports Rs 133.69 crore net profit in Q2
Jawed Habib files IPO application with SEBI to raise Rs 60 cr
Karvy Financial Services plans to raise around Rs 600 crore from PEs
Kesoram Industries seeks shareholders nod to raise up to Rs 650 crore
Key support level for Nifty seen between 8000 and 8050: Mitesh Thacker
Kotak Mahindra Bank sees rupee range bound at 58-61 against US dollar
Larsen & Toubro Infotech set to hire top executives ahead of IPO
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan brother Arun Sathe appointed on Sebi board
London copper set to end week flat on US rate hike worries
Long trade time for SGX Nifty futures no threat to NSE biz
Market regulator Sebi may put high mutual fund salaries on a leash
"Markets looking at levels of 5550-5600: Ambareesh Baliga
MCX-SX: Sebi may soon pass order on FTIL's fit & proper status
Message in the great fall of Nokia: Can it learn from mistakes?
Motilal Oswal pegs Nifty at 8500 by Diwali; A reality or exaggeration?
MSCI to be flexible on review schedule for China A share inclusion
Multiple positives already priced in: Moderate your expectations from markets in 2015
"NHAI bond issue to raise up to Rs 3
"NHAI to launch Rs 5
Nifty looks set to touch 6420 in next few days: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty to hit 8
"Nifty50 seeing strong support 7
Not in a hurry to recommend BHEL on fundamental basis: Mehraboon Irani
NSE to auction investment limits for Rs 684 crore for government bonds
Of course Greece had a plan for a new currency: Paul Krugman
Oil companies to give mixed results for the fourth quarter of FY13
"Parsvnath Developers seeks shareholders nod to raise up to Rs 1
"Period of consolidation is warranted in markets: Gaurav Doshi
"Post election results
Pradeep Metals settles case with Sebi on payment of Rs 4 lakh
Proxy firms want Piramal Enterprises to block appointment of 6 independent directors
PSL posts marginal growth in Q1 net profit at Rs 14.81 crore
"R Power could be headed for 190 levels: Vinith Jain
"Ravindra Pisharody
RBI monetary policy to set the tone for stock market this week
"RBI net buyer of dollars in December
"Readers view: Near $40/bbl
Recommend to stay in markets at this point of time: Tirthankar Patnaik
Reserve Bank of India ex-deputy governor Anand Sinha joins Amarchand & Mangaldas
Risk premium narrows between government bonds and state-backed securities on lower supply
Rupee will continue to stay in 60 to 63 range: Arindam Ghosh
"Rural Electrification Corporation to raise up to Rs 30
Sahara supports Sebi claim to bring back $13 million to refund account
"Sahara to give fresh title deeds for assets worth Rs 20
"SBI's Rs 20
Sebi board to meet on Thursday; slew of reform measures on agenda
Sebi may not halt trading of PSU shares on day of OFS
Sebi mulls five-board cap for independent directors; curbs on whole-time directors likely
"Sensex mantra: Time is your friend
Shree Renuka Sugars to soon approach SEBI on Rs 725-crore rights issue
Six event-risks to track which may impact markets in near term: BofA-ML
Skyrocketing gold imports in October prompts government and RBI to review restrictions
"Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal increases optimism of more all-stock deals
Symantec appoints Adrian Jones as Asia Pacific and Japan senior vice president
TA Associates eyes Motilal Oswal 12 per cent stake in AU Financiers
Tata Motor board to decide on new managing director in few days
"Tata Power Rs 2
"There is a risk-off sentiment in global equities: Arindam Ghosh
Top ten midcap stocks which more than doubled investors wealth in 2014
UK Sinha says call on BSE listing in 6 months post-Sebi-FMC merger
"Union Budget 2012-13: Power cos trading mixed on ECB
"Unsure about deregulation impact on fertilizers: Sanjeev Prasad
UTI appoints Leo Puri as managing director after more than 2-year search
Varun Shipping posts net profit of Rs 11.81 cr for Dec qtr
Wall Street brightest minds reveal the most important charts in the world
Wall Street Week Ahead: Financial sector key to final week of trading
"With investors steering clear
World's first fixed income Indian ETF to be traded on Deutsche Bourse
You have to be stock specific in current market situations: Sandeep Wagle
2 years of Rajan: Analysts give 4.3 out of 5 to RBI governor
38% of global investors see rupee in 65-70 range in 2015: BofA-ML survey
A Vellayan steps aside as Murugappa Group Chief after being charged by Sebi
"Amol Jain
"As Modi government first anniversary approaches
Bankers seek clarity on tax treatment of new Additional Tier-I bonds under Basel-III
Bengaluru broking firm Zerodha scraps fee for cash trades; rivals miffed by move
"Bharti Airtel plans to sell Infratel shares; to raise over Rs 2
"Budget 2012 should hopefully be reformist in nature: Sandeep J Shah
Cushman & Wakefield appoints Praveen Singla as national head for debt financing services
"Diversification is key for success of EPC business: M Goutham Reddy
Do not expect to see change in PSU bank fundamentals soon: Prashasta Seth
Drug firm Abott India posts Rs 38.40 crore net profit in January-March quarter
"E Balaji
ET 500: Which companies are likely to make it to Sensex by 2020?
Ex-SBI chief OP Bhatt to join panel probing PR professional Charudutta Deshpandes death
"F&O Tracker: No major downtick seen in near term
"Fertiliser sector will be re-rated in a few months: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Fertiliser stocks should be looked only after any move on deregulation: Ashwani Gujral
FIIs ownership hits 2 year high in 22 Nifty stocks in June quarter
Forward Markets Commission asks investors to live with Commodity Transaction Tax; proposes reforms
FTSE Russell to launch transitional indexes to bring Chinese shares in global markets
"GM Infrastructure reshuffles its top deck
"Going by market reception
Gujarat govt buys shares of GACL to take on Gujarat Samachars aggressive intentions
Gujarat plant factor not to affect Maruti in the near term: Neeraj Deewan
Gulf stock markets may consolidate after dull week; oil price gains too small
H Kumar takes over as Managing Director of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd
How new insurance company entrants are likely to perform in the stock market
I am advocating a target of around 7680-7700 on the Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
Implementation of new securities lending and borrowing norms will be informed later: NSE
India trims exposure in line with the overall reserves management strategy of RBI
"Infosys' 1:1 bonus issue has more sentimental value rather than fundamental
"Infosys results
Jewellers incentivise customers who sell old gold to increase flow of yellow metal
"JPMorgan downgrades RIL rating  to 'Neutral'
"Just Dial plans to raise Rs 1
"Long term gains in metals depend on US taper
"Maker-taker model has value
Manu Anand set to take over as head of chocolate maker Cadbury India
Many promoters still own physical shares despite Sebi mandate on dematerialisation of shares
"Market in a consolidation phase
Mastek arm Majesco to be listed on NYSE by July-end; what management says
Max Life posts PAT at Rs 326 cr for Apr-Dec period in FY14
"Money to flow back in the markets towards mid-2011: Girish Pai
NCC Ltd seeks Sebi nod to raise Rs 600 crore from rights issue
"NCD returns may be higher
Oil prices mixed in Asian trade as dealers await fresh US economic data
"Once 955 is broken off
Pass final order in Rose Valley case within 8 weeks: SAT to Sebi
"Plan to list Syngene in August
"Pre-budget rally could take Nifty to 8600
Railways finance arm to issue Rs 6000 crore tax-free bonds in current fiscal
RIL AGM will be a landmark event for corporate India and telecom sector
Spotting the real deal: How to distinguish between genuine and fake rupee currency
Swiss cement maker Holcim appoints Bernard Terver as new Area Manager for India
Tara Jewels to raise Rs 200 cr via IPO; files DRHP with Sebi
V P Baligar appointed HUDCO CMD; Satyanarayan Mohanty becomes new DG of DGS&D
"VR Sharma quits JSPL
What the size of a country stock market says about quality of life
"World Banks finance arm rolls out offshore rupee bonds for Rs 1
Zuari to launch open offer in 12 days to acquire stake in MCFL
"5300 levels is just round the corner on Nifty: Devang Visaria
"Ambience plans IPO by Feb next year; to raise up to Rs 1
Ambit Capital says RBI governor Raghuram Rajan 'above average but could have been better'
Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Communications files for $1-billion IPO in Singapore for undersea cable business
CBI has enough credible information to start probe against former Sebi officials: Ranjit Sinha
China central bank seen ready to intervene again if offshore pushes yuan too far
"D K Aggarwal
Difficult decision for Yahoo: What should it do with proceeds from Alibaba share sale?
Do not expect RIL to give you great returns in short term: UR Bhat
"Don't read too much into market movements: Prashant Sharma
DSP Blackrock MF's senior fund manager to manage offshore funds as company shuffles management
EGoM may fix upper price band for CIL IPO at Rs 240 a share
"EY appoints Mark Weinberger as Global Chairman and CEO
"Eyeing fresh capital
"FIIs Rs 6
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd  net profit at Rs 48.68 crore in Q2
"Gurgaon court asks Cinepolis to issue shares to India MDs Deepak Marda
"Have a target of 285 on Crompton Greaves: Sandeep Wagle
High Court appointed committee can seek information on NSEL hit investors:  Bombay HC
Insurers in limbo over tagging of IDFC bonds as IRDA hasn't issued any direction
"It is time to realign a little bit towards PSBs: David Pezarkar
Kesh King acquisition quite expensive; do not add fresh positions in Emami: Ambareesh Baliga
"Lok Sabha poll 2014 result: After markets rally
MARKET CUE: Here are 3 changes Goldman Sachs expects from the Fed on Wednesday
MSCI move to include Hong Kong-China ADRs in EM index may hit Indian stocks
"Nagarjuna Fertilizer can go back to Rs 26-27
National Fertilisers Ltd offers 19.62 lakh shares to employees at Rs 25.65 per share
Not keen on trading in Nifty; will range between 7600 and 7730: Sandeep Wagle
Ponzi scheme crackdown in 2014: Sebi orders refund of over Rs 60 thousand crore
"Put 40% of your capital in a gilt fund: Sandeep J Shah
RCom may sell 5 per cent to investors in tower unit in pre-IPO deal
"Sebi-DLF case: SAT allows realty major to redeem Rs 1
Sensex rangebound on the first trading day of 2015; top twelve stocks in focus
"Shareholders of Cover-All Technologies consider a possible merger with Majesco
"Stock selection in pharma space requires a bottom-up approach: Taher Badshah
Suggest to wait till ICICI Bank plans to list its insurance arm: Deepak Shenoy
Timing gold is a fool's errand; it is not correlated to the stock market
Top 12 value picks to choose from in times of global rout: SBICAP Securities
"Ukraine crisis will not affect Indian currency
"Will markets face stiff resistance now? Nifty may not breach 7
"Wives
191-192 is where price of NTPC to come in next few trading sessions: Sandeep Wagle
"Asset allocation a better strategy for individual investor: Prashant Sharma
Bollywood calling: IRFC bonds catch fancy of film stars like Aamir Khan and Akshay Kumar
"Centre for more power to Sebi; regulator to get power of search
Hard to say if the rebound in the markets will sustain or not: Ashwani Gujral
Independent director can sit on the board of a maximum of 7 listed companies: SEBI
"London Metal Exchange to continue with face-to-face bidding
Malaysia tycoon Ananda Krishnan in talks to take key stake in 1MDB $3-billion IPO: Sources
"Our portfolio strategy continues to be the same post May 16th: IV Subramaniam
"Outlook for auto stocks a mixed bag at the moment: Rajat Rajgarhia
Policy-makers looking to allow FIs to buy government bonds from sovereign wealth and pension funds
"RComm could it be the Wockhardt or the UB of 2012: Sangeeta Purushottam
Reforms planned by the government will have a strong bearing on the market: Vinay Khattar
"Shriram Transport Finance to raise Rs 1k crore via NCDs to meet lending
"Trying to find where weakness is coming from in financial space:  Jitendra Mehta
Use On Balance Volume & Chaikin Money Flow Index to track price movement in markets
ABB stock owners sitting on a lot of cash; money flooding back into counters: Prakash Diwan
AstraZeneca Pharma India to seek shareholders nod for voluntary delisting of equity shares from stock exchanges
Be careful in finding value in bear market as bounce back will not last: Ashwani Gujral
"Bold reforms like labour
BSE brokers wary discount broking model among investors; lobbying with SEBI to fix a minimum brokerage
"CLSA sees deeper selloff if Nifty breaks below 7
"Core business performance
"Difficult for markets to scale newer highs in current scenario: Dipan Mehta
"Engineering and cap goods companies to benefit if investment cycle in mining
"FDI hike in railways
"Government to sell 5 per cent stake in Bhel to LIC; may get Rs 2
"It will take some time for getting significant interest from FIIs: Vikas Khemani
PFC faces a higher rate as it looks to raise Rs 5000 crore via bond placement
Results primer: Investors want some guidance on how Infosys plans to use $5.4 billion cash reserve
"Sensex @ 28
Short Bank of India with stoploss of Rs 287 for target of Rs 280: Vijay Bhambwani
"Sovereign defaults not unknown in history
Vadodara-based Manpasand Beverages taps IPO market; to raise Rs 400 crore through fresh issue of shares
"Watch out for spectrum auction and Reliance Jio entry in Telecom space: Parag Thakkar
Bharti Airtel to raise about $415 million through the sale of shares of tower unit Bharti Infratel
"Duncan Fertilisers acquisition wont have a major impact on JP Associates stock: Fayeza Hafizee
"IPO of four companies to hit stock markets this month; estimated Rs 1
"It does not make sense to go in for buying in the current environment: Hemang Jani
"National Spot Exchange Ltd  settles Rs 330 crore of Rs 5
One in 10 chance of a repo rate cut: How to trade Nifty ahead of RBI policy?
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited to go ahead with IPO plan despite damage by Hudhud: CMD P Madhusudan
"Thyrocare considering IPO to allow investors to exit; company is being valued at around Rs 1
Century Textiles & Industries Ltd reports net loss of Rs 4.90 crore in fourth quarter of FY 14
Getting coal blocks back key for JSPL stock; a bit higher prices should not matter much: Chintan Mehta
"Ravi Uppal to join Jindal Steel and Power as MD & CEO from October 1
"7800 is the worst we can see on Nifty at this stage: Sudip Bandyopadhyay President
"Interim Budget 2014: Oil subsidy payments postponed to next fiscal
Spot demand lifts zinc futures
Yum beats Q3 profit expectations
Whirlpool riding on robust figures
Speculation over Welspun Gujarat-MSK Projects buy
Like Union Bank: Devang Visaria
Thermax gains momentum on good results
Thejo Engineering IPO subscribed 1.47 times
Texmaco can move up: Rajat Bose
Telenors India performance beats street expectations
"Sensex rangebound; tech
Steelcast net profit up by 36%
Spices sizzle on bad weather
Soybean futures regain on fresh buying
SNB forex reserves up in August
Siemens gains as earnings beat estimates
Shrenuj sparkles on expansion buzz
Shanghai shares finish at 19-month high
Sesa Sterlite Q1 profit beats expectations
"Sebi attachment proceedings cross 1
Seafood exports up on better demand
Satyam Computer basks in IT glory
RComm volumes are good: Devang Visaria
Goldman Sachs upgrades RCOM to neutral
Railways' earnings up by 12%
Off-market divestment boosts PSU share performance
Shrinking bond spread to benefit PSUs
Investors cheer Portuguese bank rescue
Pistachio gains on festive demand
Pharma stocks that outperformed benchmark indices
Pepper futures rise on spot demand
Pepper futures up on output concerns
Palm oil stock soars
Street mood lifts Oriental Hotels
Serum Institute hikes Orchid Chemicals stake
Long-term target in ONGC is positive
Omnitech charts high growth curve
Oil-led margin growth begins aiding earnings
Nouveau Multimedia approve stock-split; stk gains
Near-term outlook seen strong for Nifty
NHPC gains on higher electricity generation
NHAI bond sees record subscription
NBFC space looks attractive: Gaurav Doshi
Narayana Hrudayalaya IPO oversubscribed 8.63 times
Nalco reports record turnover in 2012-13
NALCO to pay 18% interim dividend
Mustardseed futures up on increased buying
Mustard seed futures up further
Mphasis looks positive: Mitesh Thacker
Monsanto gains on parent's bullish outlook
Wait and watch Monsanto: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Medium sugar advance on better demand
Mastek shares touch 12 month high
"As long as foreign flows continue into India
Manufacturing stuns markets with best show
Maize futures gain 2.68 per cent
Maize futures rise on spot demand
Improving macros add to bullish sentiment
L&T Finance Q4 net Up 21.8%
JSW Energy gains; coal-based plants favoured
Jeera futures rise on export demand
"Despite recession
Edelweiss maintains Buy on IRB Infrastructure
Right to buy Infosys: Ambareesh Baliga
Indraprastha Gas gains on government notification
iGate stock gallops despite warnings
HSIL looks attractive: Avinnash Gorakssakar
RBS maintains 'Buy' on Hindalco
Bofa-ML upgrades Hindalco Industries to 'buy'
Hedge funds thrive on macro bets
"Deposit
Muzaffarnagars Gur industry recovers post-riot
Guarseed futures gain on speculative buying
Guarseed futures hit daily upper limit
Groundnut oil strengthens on seasonal demand
Positive on Grasim: Sonam Udasi
Gold rises before jobs data
GCPL shares gain on RBI move
Firstsource Solutions Q3 net jumps three-fold
Edible oils strengthen on millers buying
Duncans surges after 50% stake sale
DQE signs licensing deal;stk rallies
Nomura retains buy on Dish TV
Diamond Power July-Sept net jumps 66%
DHFL looks promising: Prakash Diwan
DHFL winning back investors trust
Den demerger talk lifts stock
Leisure revenue buoys Cox & Kings
Copper recovers on global cues
Copper rises 0.22% on spot demand
Copper rises 0.94% on global cues
Selected commodities moved up
Commexes turnover surges 55%
"Cognizant beats St
Coal India shares rise almost 5%
Centum Learning gets funds from Mayfield
Invest in Cement stocks: Ashwani Gujral
Mid-cap cement stocks back in demand
Cement companies rally on Holcim-Lafarge merger
Caustic soda rises on industrial demand
Caustic soda rises on tight supply
Caustic soda rises on tight supply
Castorseed futures recover on short covering
Castorseed futures rise on fresh buying
"Dip in capital goods price would make them attractive for longer term: Prakash Diwan
Camlin is an outperformer: Deepak Mohoni
Brokerage stocks looking good: Hemen Kapadia
BHEL is a buy: Deepak Mohoni
BASF India: New Plant boosts valuation
Base metals strengthen on global cues
Bajaj Finserv pretty attractive: Hemang Jani
Ashoka Buildcon shares surge over 15%
Arshiya International in strong uptrend: Ventura
Argentina makes $1 billion bond payment
Almond rises on fresh buying
Birla Shlokas valuations look expensive
Bharati Shipyard declared 30% dividend
10-yr bond yield rises on profit-taking
5 outperformers in today's lacklustre market
Egypt Suez Canal May revenue rises
Exporters gain on US Fed's optimism
Smaller realty companies outperform bigger names
Smaller stocks doing well: Ashwani Gujral
World stocks inch towards all-time high
Yen rises on global economy worries
"22
4900-4930 support level for Nifty: Devang Visaria
Aanjaneya has been rising steadily: Deepak Mohoni
Alembic demerges pharma unit; stock up 15%
Almond futures gain 0.32% on spot demand
Alstom investors should wait and watch: Analysts
"Aluminium rises on global cues
"Arvind gains on strong business outlook
Asia stocks supported as China factories revive
Asian shares firm after sound US data
Bata India is a buy: Deepak Mohini
Bhushan Steel rallies; lenders approve loan restructuring
Bonds up on delayed rate increase speculation
Brent firms above $108 on Ukraine tensions
BRFL is a good buy: Sandeep Wagle
Buoyant StanChart helps Europe stocks bounce back
Castor seed future up on fresh buying
Castrol India shares surge 9% on bourses
Cement may attract some buying: Deepak Mohoni
Chana futures extend gains on rising demand
Chettinad Cement promoters hike stake to 94.48%
China's yuan edges up on PBOC guidance
Cipla: Move to enter biotech looks opportune
City Union Bank H1 PAT rises 13.17%
Clariant India a defensive bet: Shahina Mukadam
Coal India 34% subscribed on Day 1
Cognizant's robust performance vindicates stronger demand scenario
Commodities may top stocks in futures turnover
Court decision positive on MCX: R Balakrishnan
Cummins India surges 7% on Q1 earnings
Deal more favorable for Sun Pharma shareholders
Decent upside left for IDFC: Prakash Diwan
Decision on Cairn-Vedanta deal today; stock up
Defence stocks: Investors go on the offensive
Delta Corp. shares up on resort buy
Deutsche Bank upgrades Hindustan Unilever to 'buy'
Diageo bid talk props up UK's FTSE
Dish TV's prospects looking bright: Sandip Sabharwal
Dollar holds firm ahead of Fed meeting
Domestic rubber prices surge above Rs 200/Kg
Earnings preview: Cement biggies earnings belies expectations
Edelweiss recommends Buy on Coal India IPO
Eros gains ahead of rival Shemaroo's IPO
EU pain has an upside for India
Euronext London gets key UK regulatory approval
Expect big money in midcaps: Vijai Mantri
Extremely bullish on Eicher Motors: Mayuresh Joshi
F&O Tracker: Nifty support likely around 6220-6000
Festive sales add spark to realty stocks
Finolex is good investment : Deven Choksey
FIPB okays Reliance Broadcast proposal; stock up
Forward Markets Commission frees up commex pricing
Futures segment of NCDEX witnessing steady growth
Go long on metal space: Ashwani Gujral
Gold recovers as Ukraine weighed against rates
Gold's intraday surge catches speculators off guard
Groundnut oil moves up on retailers demand
Gruh Finance Q1 Net profit up 26%
Guargum futures recover on rising spot demand
HDFC Bank gains; MSCI changes become effective
Hexaware: Higher order inflows step up expectations
Hindalco gains upto 6% on value buying
Hold Balkrishna in current scenario: Deepak Mohoni
Hot money returns to Pakistan stock market
ICRA upgrades rating of Thomas Cook India
Improving US buyer confidence lifts crude oil
"IndiGos Rs 2
"IndiGo's Rs 3
"Industrial demand lifts nickel futures
Industrial oils recover in a lacklustre trade
"Infosys beats forecast
Infosys to beat NASSCOM estimate: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Infra stocks a safe bet: Deepak Mohoni
Insecticides is a strong stock: Deepak Mohoni
IRFC raises $500 million via offshore bonds
Its a good time to accumulate zinc
Its raining good news for turmeric producers
Jeera futures rise 0.40% on export demand
Jefferies upgrades Jubliant Foodworks ahead of results
"Kajaria Ceramics: A good investment
Kim Eng India recommends Buy on HDIL
KPIT Tech rallies on upbeat Q2 numbers
KSK Energy likely to give good returns
"Like Orient paper: Harendra Kumar
Lower subsidy burden to boost OMCs growth
"M&M
Marico hits 52-week high on expansion plans
"Midcap pharma
Mid-cap stocks attract fund managers this season
Modi effect on Rupee: Forecasters predict appreciation
MOIL net profit marginally up by 2.8%
Natco Pharma rallies on strong Q4FY15 results
NBFCs may outperform strong banks: BP Singh
Near term bottoms of Nifty shifting higher
Nickel futures marginally up on spot demand
"Nickel
Overall IT sector remains compelling: Taher Badshah
"Overseas cues
Pipavav Defence surges on debt recast plans
PNB raises Rs 500 crore through bonds
Prabhudas Lilladher puts 'accumulate' on KPIT Cummins
Prestige Estates Projects Q2 net jumps 70%
Price decline likely to help cardamom export
Railway-related stocks gain on investor meet report
Rally in mid-caps to continue: ET Poll
Rallying auto stocks still a buy: experts
Ranbaxy hits 52-week high on UBS upgrade
RCom has lot of potential: Devang Visaria
"Re touches 15-month high
"Recast
Recommend Lupin in pharmaceutical space: G Chokkalingam
Renuka Sugars a good buy: Devang Visaria
Rise in healthcare stocks lifts European equities
"Rising gold lifts coin
Rouble continues gains as oil price firms
RPG Life Sciences net up 31 pc
Sandhar Technologies gets Sebi nod for IPO
Satyam soars 10% on tax row settlement
Seamec Princess best bet for long-term play
Select edible oils up on retailers demand
SeQuent Scientific surges; foreign investors buy shares
Shire surge pushes FTSE towards record peak
Silver futures extend gains on global cues
Silver rates spike on robust foreign trends
Smaller stocks reap big gains; outshine blue-chips
Spot demand lifts crude palm oil futures
SRF ends FY15 with 86% profit growth
Taiwan stocks rise; flat panel makers up
TCI: Unit demerger may shore up income
TCS: First among equals in profit margin
TCS: Well-poised for a stronger year ahead
Technology & action plan boosts pulses growth
Tesla's bullish production outlook drives stock higher
Thai shares rebound; Indonesia at 11-month highs
Titan: Aggressive expansion plans to boost volumes
Tokyo stocks close at new seven-year high
Trent shares gain nearly 6% on bourses
Turmeric futures gain 0.79% on rising demand
"Twitter Q2 results soar
Uninor posts operating profit in March quarter
Vadilal Industries Q1 net profit up 59%
Very bullish on NBFC space: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
V-Guard Q4 profit soars 129% on cost-cutting
Vodafone leads Britain FTSE to six-week high
Voltas on a bullish trend: Deepak Mohoni
VRL Logistics ends 42% up on debut
Wait and watch JP Power: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Whats driving Infosys to fresh all-time highs?
Xinjiang Goldwind plans China's first Green bond
Yamaha domestic sales up 35.81% in July
Zensar Technologies gains 3% on acquisition talks
$40 oil could be a game-changer for Russia
"15
2G effect: Telecom stocks edge higher; auction on
5370-5400 key support in markets now: Ashwani Gujral
62 smallcap stocks doubled investor wealth in 2015
8K Miles rallies 9% in a dull market
ACC' performace in line with with mkt expectations
Accumulate Ballarpur Industries for medium term: Nirmal Bang
Adani Port gains on inclusion in NSE index
"Airports Authority of India's revenue
Akzo Nobel to show higher earnings growth soon
"Allahabad Bank Q4 Net rises 25%
"Aluminium futures gain on overseas cues
"Aluminium futures rise on global cues
Amtek Auto shoots up 54% after management clarification
Analysis: Vedanta-Cairn India merger a positive for shareholders
Ashok Leyland Q4 net up at 298.23 crore
Ashok Leyland Shares up 4% on $200-million order
Asia shares score 3-year high as data cheers
Atlas Copco can move Rs 900-1200 higher: Ventura
"Auto
Aventis Pharma surges by 6 pc on BSE
Balrampur Chini Mills Q2 net up by four-fold
"Barclays overweight on HCL Tech
Barley futures remain up on strong spot demand
Basmati export floor may be raised by $200/tonne
Beginning of pre-budget rally on Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Bharat Forge seems a safe bet: Deepak Mohoni
Bharti would be very well positioned: Saurabh Mukherjea
Binani Cement zooms 19 pc on delisting move
BK Birla Group shares gain on revamp hopes
Black pepper may get costlier this fiscal year
BOC India soars 20 pc on delist offer
BP lifts Britain's FTSE towards 4-1/2 month high
"BPCL's subsidiary strikes gas in Mozambique
Britannia Industrie consolidated Q3 net rises 62 %
Britannia to unlock HQ's realty value; stock up
"Buoyed by Infosys results
"Can buy LIC Housing: Ashwani Gujral
CEAT gains on share sale to institutional investors
CESC can give upto 20% returns: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
China data pushes Brent to 106.55 per barrel
Cipla posts Rs 284 crore profit for Q3
City Union Bank attractive bet for long-term investors
Clariant acquires Lanxess black pigment portfolio; stock up
Consider aggressive buying on the Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
"Core bonds to get ADB cover
Coriander futures gain 2.42 pc on rising demand
Coriander futures up 2.51 pc on strong demand
Crude palm oil futures up on spot demand
D B Corp up over 25% on debut
Deepak Fertilisers bets on chemicals to deliver growth
Divis Laboratories: Good buy for the long term
"Dow tops 11
"Dubai exchange gold
Earnings leading rally for IT stocks: Harendra Kumar
Ecommerce players find more value off the Street
Elder Pharma rallies 5% on Max Healthcare acquisition
Elections may provide a short-term market boost: JPMorgan
Emkay raises TCS target price to Rs 1075
Ericsson India Q4 revenue up 20 per cent
ETFs outpacing retail stock funds by wide margin
Eurozone shares record biggest monthly gain since February
Evening trades improve co-relation with global markets: NCDEX
Exide Industries hits 52-week high post Q1 results
"Falling trade deficit
Fertiliser comapanies gain on government's urea decontrol talk
Fertiliser companies gain as Cabinet approves gas pooling
Festival season to rev up gold jewellery business
Flight to safety keeps gold near one-month high
Funny Software to list on BSE SME platform
Future Retail surges after raising Rs 6 bn
"GAIL profit up 42% at Rs 1
GCPL is a good defensive stock: Deepak Mohoni
Germany DAX latest market to strike record high
Gillette India's sale offer subscribed 14%; stock surges
"Gold rises above $1
Grasim preferred pick among cement names: Ambareesh Baliga
GSK Consumer gains 1.7% on in-line Q4 results
GVK surges over 3% on $10-billion Australian deal
Hathway Cables surges 7% on FDI reforms boost
HDIL gains as Citigroup buys 4 million shares
HEG shares surge 10% as Q1 results surprise
High-growth lubricants business can fire up HPCL's profits
Hindustan Unilever can reach 405-407 levels: Rajat Bose
History signals a better second half for gold
Hong Kong shares edge up on Shanghai-connector expectations
Hopes of greater government focus lift defence stocks
Huge activity in Nifty December series surprises market
IDFC rallies over 5% on fund raising plans
Improved macros to shield Rupee from Greek turmoil
Indraprastha Gas surges ahead of Mahanagar Gas IPO
"Investor accounts at NSDL
IOC plans to hive-off E&P business; stock up
Jagran Prakashan best among media stocks: Sharmila Joshi
Karur Vysya Bank Q4 net profit jumps 15.2%
Keep Punjab National Bank on radar: Devang Visaria
"Kiwi surges on aggressive rate message
Like JP Associates at current levels: Devang Visaria
Lupin's strong product pipeline likely to drive growth
Maharashtra Seamless should resume its rally: Deepak Mohoni
"Mangalore Chemicals surges on SCM
Marico Q2 up 12% to Rs 118 cr
Maximise returns: Go for Gold ETFs this Diwali
Mayur Uniquoters jumps; DSP Blackrock Fund buys shares
Medium-term prospects of IT sector encouraging: Nitin Raheja
Metals including other commodities would benefit: Vineet Bhatnagar
MFs jive to the turnaround beat on D-Street
Mid-caps yield from SIPs higher than large-cap funds
Monnet Ispat & Energy raises Rs 175 crore
Monnet Ispat gains 6% on share buyback proposal
"Monsoon pick-up helps to lower guar
MRPL shares surge over 19% on robust earnings
MTNL raises Rs 1.5k crore through 10-year Bonds
MTNL's Q2 loss narrows to Rs 947 crore
Munjal Auto up over 9% on quarterly results
"Nano sales grow
Nickel futures rise 0.59 pc on spot demand
"Nifty ends near 7
NIIT Technologies Q3 revenue in line with expectations
No serious corrections expected in market: Ashwani Gujral
Oil marketing companies are clear buys: Manish Sonthalia
Oil&gas stocks surge as government hikes fuel prices
Oil&Gas stocks up 2 per cent on BSE
ONGC Q1 net up by 19 per cent
Open Interest on NCDEX up 31% in August
"Opportunity to buy in Titan: Ashwani Gujral
Outperformance trend would continue in IT: Mitesh Thacker
"Overweight on the HDIL: Param Desai
"OVL's H1 net up 14% at 1
Paper stocks at attractive prices catch investors' eye
Parabolic IPO gets 76% demand by Day 2
Patel Integrated Logistics rallies 45% in two days
Petronet LNG is a good pick: Rajesh Jain
Petronet LNG to benefit post budget: Prabhudas Lilladher
"PFC's Q4 profit rises 9% to 1
"PNB shareholders approve preferential issue to Govt
"Polaris is a buy: Ashwani Gujral
"Premium drive
Prospect good for oil marketing cos: Ketan Kharkhanis
Radico Khaitan: Promising stock among ailing liquor space
Raghuram Rajan's 'rate-cut' talk cheer markets; Sensex rallies
Railway stocks on a roll ahead of Budget
Railways upgrade project to benefit Kolkata-based GPT Infra
Ramco Systems rallies 20% on strong Q3 results
Re-$ futures soars to new high in DGCX
"Recast
Recommend slow accumulation into IT sector: Harendra Kumar
Record high prices no bar for gold sales
Refined soya oil futures up on spot demand
Reforms overdrive may cheer stocks amid Greece worry
Regulatory steps will improve banking sector: BP Singh
"Reliance Industries posts flat quarterly earnings
Renault shares jump on sale of Volvo stake
Renuka stronger performer among sugar stocks: Deepak Mohoni
RILs 4.3% surge helps Sensex gain 322 points
Robust earnings help European stocks to bounce back
Rouble crisis ripples through wheat as bulls advance
SBI: Growing loan book expected to boost margins
"Seasonal demand lifts sugar futures prices
Sebi disposes case against stock broker SPFL Securities
Seven expensive stocks that are still outpacing Sensex
Seven reasons why markets hit fresh all-time highs
SH Kelkar IPO subscribed 47% on Day 2
"Shapoorjee Chandabhoy to invest in Ace Tours
Sharda Cropchem has good business model: Kunj Bansal
Shares of Financial Technologies surge 10% on BSE
Shilp Gravures to shift flexo unit; stock up
Shree Cement outpaces rivals with contrarian capex strategy
Sintex Industries rallies over 7% post Q4 results
SKS Microfinance seen struggling short-term; stock up 9%
SKS Microfinances now the toast of smart investors
Smaller real estate stocks look good: Ashwani Gujral
Sonata Software: IT services show a strong momentum
Special dividend for Reliance Capital shareholders: Anil Ambani
Srei Infra Q2 net rises 194 per cent
SRS Ltd posts 54% rise in quarterly income
SSPDL subsidiary bags Rs 28 cr orders;stock up
"Steady demand
Steady growth makes Aarti Industries a value pick
Stock pick: How Ultratech is cementing its future
Subdued Ifo takes M&A shine off European stocks
Sundaram Fasteners Q4 profit jump 67.4 per cent
Tanla implements 3G services for RCom; stock up
Tantia Constructions bags Rs 45 cr; stock up
TCS: Biggest value creator among top IT companies
Techno Electric to raise Rs 750 cr;stk surges
Textile sector offers opportunities for investors: Harendra Kumar
Textile sector will perform now: Tata Investment Corporation
Tower deal is great news for RCom: Experts
Transgene Biotek stock up after delisting plan announced
Two-wheeler: Weak rupee will add to companies' margins
UCO Bank a good portfolio stock: Deepak Mohoni
Unichem Laboratories jumps on report of sale plans
Unichem Laboratories Q1 profit rises 112 per cent
Uptick in spot demand lifts sugar futures 2.22%
"Uptrend in BHEL to continue: Amit Harchekar
"US Federal relief lifts Asian stocks
Very bullish about current market scenario: Taher Badshah
Very bullish on Hindustan Unilever : Sharyans Resources
"Video: Hot midcap stocks on move: IDBI
We are overweight on pharma sector: BP Singh
Welspun Corp soars 9% on robust Q2 earnings
Wheat rises on increased offtake by flour mills
Whirlpool of India records highest ever net profit
WNS Q2 net up 65% at $15.3 million
Wockhardt has been going up steadily: Deepak Mohoni
Wonderla Holidays surges 28 per cent on debut
Yes Bank performed better than expectation: Ambareesh Baliga
"Zinc
4300 levels is a possibility for Nifty: Rajat Bose
5 tips on how to act in rising markets
ABB India shares jump over 12% on good results
ABB reports 10% turnover growth for June 2012 quarter
"Advise to buy Motherson Sumi
Alkem Laboratories $200 mln IPO fully subscribed - exchanges
Amara Raja hits 52-week high on strong Q2 results
"America
Andhra Bank Q3 net profit rises to Rs 275-crore
Apple rallies a day after announcing 7-for-1 stock split
Apple shares top $300 a share for first time
Apple's freshly split shares climb on iPhone 6 hopes
"As pessimism spreads
Ashok Leyland shares up 3% on robust November sales
Asia stocks hit 3-yr high on promising economic signs
AstraZeneca Pharma rallies nearly 13% on strong Q3 show
AstraZeneca Pharma rallies over 12% as shareholders approve delisting
Aurobindo Pharma rallies over 8% on strong Q2 results
Aviation shares up as RBI extends ECB borrowing window
Bank of Baroda raises $500 mn via bond issue
Banyan Tree picks up minority stake in Dee Development
"Barley futures hit upper circuit
Bayer CropScience shares hit 52-week high on buyback plans
Behind enemy lines: Foreign hedge funds thrive in China
Berger Paints logs 35% increase in Q1 net profit
"Bet on Technocraft for strong export play
Binani Cement: Buyback offer positive for company and investors
BOC India hits 20% upper circuit on delisting plans
BofA-ML upgrades Glenmark to 'buy'; ends up nearly 2%
BPCL is a good long term investment: Deepak Mohoni
BPO Hinduja Global Q1 revenue rises but profit halves
Brent near 9-month top above $115 on Iraq tensions
Brokerages raise Bharat Forge's target price on improved exports
Business model for M&M is extremely robust: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Cadila a significant bet among pharma stocks: Gajendra Nagpal
Cadila Healthare shares surge nearly 6% on smart earnings
Cadila valuations healthy as US generics biz takes off
Calculus: IndusInd Bank plays it right with auto loans
"Can buy Yes Bank : Ashwani Gujral
Capital good stocks should see a breather: David Pezarkar
"Capital goods stocks' prospects look better: Pankaj Pandey
"Cardamom futures rise 0.56% on spot demand
"Castex clarification lifts Amtek Auto shares
Castor seed futures up Rs 78 on spot demand
Castrol Q4 net up 7% to Rs 126 crore
CCL Products rallies over 11% on strong Q2 results
"Century Plyboards to build on stronger rupee
CFCL Q1 net up 81% at Rs 146.32 cr
Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Q1 net profit up 21%
Changes in fundamentals makes Tata Motors sustainable: Prakash Diwan
Chilli teja futures climb 3.60 percent on spot demand
Claris Lifesciences rallies over 8% on share buyback plan
"CLSA initiates coverage on Motherson Sumi
CMC's Q3 profit rises 16% to Rs 70.54 crore
"Cognizant's September-quarter sales may beat street estimates
Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit up 16% to 130.86 crore
Consider Tata Motors from an investment perspective: Deven Choksey
Consumer discretionary stocks top gainers in BSE large caps
Crompton Greaves December quarter Net up 27.67 per cent
Crude palm oil futures rise as demand picks up
Cummins India shares gain after Deutsche upgrades to 'buy'
"Currency-hedged ETFs outperform
Cyclicals are the ones to bet on: Kunj Bansal
Dark horse: What's making analysts bullish on Indiabulls Power?
"Deccan Chronicle. Buy on dips: Ambareesh Baliga
Defence related companies gain as government approves 49% FDI
Defence related companies rally as government notifies FDI hike
DHFL Q1 Net jumps 25% to Rs 120 crore
Diageo acquires United Spirits shares worth Rs 472 crore
"Dollar gains on uptick in USCPI
Dollar stands tall on Fed show of economic confidence
Easing gold imports positive for jewellery companies: David Pezarkar
ECB stimulus hope helps emerging stocks to weekly gains
Effects of emerging markets positive in India: IV Subramaniam
Eicher Motors jumps 3% on hike in FII limit
Eka Software picks up 120 crore stake in MatrixGroup
Emerging currencies soar as ECB hints at fresh stimulus
Engineers India get 'Navratna' status; stock gains over 3%
Entertainment Network India posts Rs 52.2-crore net; stock up
Equities to reap maximum returns in coming months: Survey
Equity MFs continue to bet big on IT stocks
Equity to outperform other asset classes in 2015: Experts
Era Infrastructure is a fundamentally strong company: Sudhir Nair
Ess Dee Aluminium surges on promoters stake sale buzz
Essar Oil gets shareholder nod for acquiring Vadinar Power
"European stocks rise
Everonn Education gains 8% on buyout of Centum Learning
Exchange ratio of 2:17 positive for Tech Mahindra: Analysts
"Expect an upmove in ONGC: Ajay Bagga
F&OTracker: Nifty likely to get support in 6200 zone
Facebook stock up over 4% on Zuckerberg's no-sale pledge
Farm equipment push may fire up Honda Siel power
FCCBs weigh on Subex as new orders raise hopes
"FCI raises Rs 8
Fidelity buys Jubilant FoodWorks shares for Rs 48.9 crore
FII holdings in auto component makers at multi-year high
"FIIs pour in over Rs 1
"Firm demand
"First time buyers
Fortis Healthcare rises over 3 pc on acquisition move
FTIL shares up 5% as Merrill Lynch buys shares
Further FII investment in Gujarat Pipavav after approval: RBI
Gammon India bags Rs 1947 cr project; stock surges
Gammon Infrastructure rallies as RBI ups FII investment limit
Gateway Distrparks reports 5% year-on-year growth in net profits
GE India to acquire 70% stake in Advanced Systek
General insurance posts a robust 12.5% growth in Q1
Genesys International shareholders' nod for raising Rs 150 cr
"Gitanjali Gems has held on: Ashwani Gujral
Glenmark Q3 net up 16.45 to Rs 109.55 cr
Global exchange m-cap touches decade high of $64 trillion
Gold's safe-haven gains from Greece fizzle on robust dollar
Goodyear Q2 Net up 25.84% at Rs 25.22 crore
Grasim surges over 13% as CLSA raises target price
Great Eastern Shipping can touch Rs 306: Ashwani Gujral
Hardening Euro would trigger more monetary stimulus: Mario Draghi
"Have a buy on  Ballarpur: Devang Visaria
HDFC Bank expected to report a robust 25-27% growth
HDFC beats Street with 22% jump in Q2 profit
"HDFC
Healthy product pipeline to help Orchid Chem boost sales
Hedger earns big notional gain in MCX gold futures
Hero MotoCorp hits fresh 52-week high on August sales
Hexaware Technologies shares rally as Q2 net soars 23%
Hindustan Zinc climbs 6% after Glencore's production cut announcement
"HPCL Q4 net up 48 pc at 1
ICRA Q2 net rose 16% to Rs 15.57 crore
Idea Cellular Q3 Net doubles to Rs 467.73 crore
IDFC's Q3 profit rises 10% at Rs 500 crore
iGate Q4 net income up 7.5% at $33.1 million
IGL rallies on rumours of out-of-court settlement with PNGRB
IIL Q3 net rises 45% to Rs 6.76 crore
Indiabulls Real Estate shares see Rs 53-crore bulk deals
IndiGo surges 17% from IPO price in market debut
Infinite Computer IPO sees robust demand; subscribed 43 times
Infosys leads CNX IT rally ahead of Q1FY15 results
Infrastructure stocks could see some bounce back: Sangeeta Purushottam
Interest is returning to the large caps: Deepak Mohoni
Investor confidence to be back with Infosys: Gaurang Shah
Investors will be overweight on equities in long term'
Its time to take banking sector funds into account
Jain Irrigation to consider raising $200 million; stock up
Japan's zero interest rate pushes gold to new high
JBM Auto Q1 net profit soars 60 per cent
Jeera futures surge 1.38 per cent on strong demand
"Jim Rogers buys euros
JMD Telefilms to enter mobile phone biz; stock up
JSW Energy quarterly profit soars to Rs 214 crore
Just Dial rallies on launch of new search app
Jyoti soars 18% on bagging Rs 139 crore order
Kalpataru Power surges to 5-year high on order win
Kalpataru Power: Ongoing correction gives a good entry point
Kitex Garments surges as Motilal Oswal sees 50% upside
L&T in talk to supply nuclear equipments; stock up
L&T looks reasonably priced as of now: Prashastha Seth
Lakshmi Vilas Bank Q4 net soars 90.5 per cent
"Lead futures up on firm spot demand
LIC Housing Finance profit up 37 percent in Q2
LIC stake in Axis Bank crosses 10 per cent
Life Insurance Corporation increases stake in BHEL to 9%
London Stock Exchange H1 earnings see boost from FTSE-Russell
Lower fuel subsidy lifts ONGC Q3 profit 23 pc
"M&M is a buy: Seshadri Bharathan
M&M: Farm equipment division may be a growth driver
Maharashtra dairies to up milk prices by Rs 3
"Mahindra & Mahindra Q3 profit rises 12%
Marico Q2 net up 27% to Rs 150.72 crore
Marine fuel premium jumps to more than 9-month high
Markets at 3-week high despite muted Asia: Top bets
MEP Infrastructure gets Sebi nod for Rs 360-crore IPO
Mercator Lines has potential to touch Rs 180: Ventura
Mercator rallies on oil discovery in second Cambay well
Merrill Lynch buys 2.35 lakh shares in Financial Technologies
Miners boost Britain's FTSE on bullishness over China's economy
"Miners help FTSE bounce
MMTC surges after company sees turnaround in Q2 earnings
"MMTC zooms 21% on bonus issue
"Money talks
"Motherson Sumi can get wonderful returns
MT Educare IPO subscribed 65 pc on Day 1
Multibaggers: Midcaps that can rally 80-150% in long term
Multiple triggers drive up RIL 10% in 3 days
Nagarjuna Construction is a value buy: Networth Stock Broking
Narayana Hruduyalaya IPO opens today; here's what experts say
Nestle India surges as FSSAI-approved lab finds Maggi safe
Nestle Q3 net up 9.22% at Rs 311.29 crore
"NHB tax-free bonds over-subscribed on day 1
NHPC Q2 net soars 11.92% to Rs 690.18 cr
Nifty might head towards levels of 8180-8200: Mitesh Thacker
Nikkei strikes 7 year high as dollar bashes yen
Nitin Fire surges as Amitabh Bachchan buys 0.51% stake
NMDC posts 34 per cent rise in fourth quarter
No Moody's high! Sensex ends day 177 points up
No stock limits on commodities in regulated warehouses: FMC
OCL Iron bags coal mine in auction; stock surges
"Oil at three-month high on Iraq anxiety
OIL October-quarter net up 4% at Rs 902.96 crore
One can expect markets to go high: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Onion prices rise 66% as traders overstocked for profits
Opto Circuits shares rally over 35% on heavy volumes
Pantaloon Retail is a buy on dips: Deepak Mohoni
Patni Computers zooms 8 pc on stake sale buzz
"Petronet LNG a strong stock: Ashwani Gujral
Pfizer Ltd shares end 3% higher on Allergen deal
Piramal Healthcare profit jumps two-fold to Rs 136 cr
Polaris net up 8 pc on lower forex losses
"Potato futures extend gains
Potato futures gain 1.64 per cent on spot demand
Pratibha Industries bags Rs 57 cr contract; stock up
Pratibha Industries Q1 net up 22% at Rs 23crore
Premium valuations of Eicher Motors should sustain: Mayuresh Joshi
Prices of base metals move up on global cues
Project pipeline to power long-term growth of Tata Power
PVR Q2 jumps over four-fold to Rs 41 crore
Rail stocks jump 5-12 per cent on FDI buzz
Rajesh exports hits new high on asset buy buzz
Raymond may sell stake to PE funds; stock gains
Raymond seeing phenomenal rerating; positive on stock: Harendra Kumar
RCF Q4 net up 30% to Rs 152.47 crore
Re nears 2-year high on strong fund inflow hopes
Recent developments are positive for ONGC stock: Gajendra Nagpal
Reckitt helps keep Britain's FTSE afloat after solid update
"Refining
Rel Broadcast Network up 4pc on deal with CBS
Repco Home gains; RBI allows FIIs to buy shares
Rupiah scales two-month high after Jokowi wins presidential election
Russian rouble edges up before central bank rate decision
"Safe-haven bids keep gold above $1
SAIL in talks to acquire mines abroad; stock up
Sanofi Q1 Net up 16.44% at Rs 51.7 crore
Saregama India climbs 6% on Reliance Capital stake buy
SBBJ Q2 profit rises 48pc at Rs 127 crore
SCI to operate GAILs nine LNG ships; stock rallies
"Sector watch: Cement outlook improves
See 50-60% upside potential in Majesco: Daljeet Singh Kohli
"Sentiment back in retail market again: Ambareesh Baliga
Shalimar paints has good headroom for growth: Prakash Diwan
Shalimar Paints shares zoom 12% after net profit increases
Shanghai shares close at highest in nearly two months
Shares flirt with record highs on ECB easing bets
Sharp upmove in Reliance expected above Rs 1065: IIFL
Shoppers Stop Q2 net jumps to Rs 16 crore
"Short term upside likely: Sandeep J Shah
SJVN quarterly net profit jumps to Rs 424 cr
Slightly bullish on ONGC at this point: Ambareesh Baliga
Small investors may get bigger share in PSU floats
Smallcaps that can give good returns in near term
Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit for second straight day
Solid volumes may help Ashok Leyland stock maintain momentum
Somany Ceramics among top picks for 2016: Pankaj Pandey
Somany Ceramics is a fundamentally strong company: Sudhir Nair
Sony surges to near five-year high on earnings outlook
"Spicejet soars 7% after placing Rs 23
Spot demand lifts copper futures amid firming domestic trend
Sterling stays close to six-year-highs after robust UK data
Sterlite: Electricity biz likely to pack a power punch
STFC looks more expensive than M&M Financial: Mehraboon Irani
Still some strength left in auto space: Ashuu Kakkarr
Stronger banking stocks enable UK's FTSE to erase losses
Suffolk raises stake in Patni Computer Services to 5.3%
Sustained growth makes Kajaria Ceramics a good long-term bet
Suven Life shares zoom nearly 16% post robust earnings
Suzlon expects emerging economies to push sales; stock jumps
"Suzlon shares rise on Rs 10
Swiss franc rises after SNB keeps rates on hold
Symphony Q3 net up 35% at Rs 36.51 crore
Syria stir may take Jeera futures to record high
Taiwan stocks rise tracking overseas markets; gains broad based
Tamil Nadu Newsprint and Papers Q3 net soars 2-fold
Tata Motors should fare better in 2015-16: Mehraboon Irani
Tax-free bonds are still the best bet for investors
TCS continues to remain most favoured pick: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Telcos surge as brokerages turn bullish post spectrum auction
Telecom shares gain after government relaxes FDI cap rules
Thomas Cook buys 61.44 lakh shares of Sterling Holiday
"Thriving in crisis: Gold may glitter at Rs 20
Trust equities this Samvat! Wealth creating opportunities available now
Twitter shares spike as 4Q results fly above expectations
Uco Bank reports four-fold rise in Q2 net profit
Uflex Q2 Net up 19% to Rs 77.74 crore
Uflex Q3 profit jumps 47.22% to Rs 53 crore
Uflex shares rally nearly 9% post good Q2 show
Ultratech Cement shares jump nearly 6% post strong earnings
Uninor posts profit on one-time adjustment in licence fee
"United Breweries: Input costs
"Upbeat earnings lift European shares
US stocks: S&P hits record; focus shifts to payrolls
"USFDA glare
Venus Remedies Ltd rallies on strategic tie-up with Teva
Venus Remedies rallies on getting marketing approval in Switzerland
Viceroy Hotels rallies over 9% on stake sale reports
VIP Industries shares spike post stellar Q2 earnings show
Vistaar Finance raises Rs 160 crore in fresh funding
"Wall Street bounces back
Whirlpool shares at 52-week high on smart Q1 earnings
Wipro Q2 profit up 9.7 per cent; lags forecast
"Wipro Q4 PAT at Rs 2
Wipro rallies on winning 10-year outsourcing engagement with ATCO
Won leads Asia FX rebounds after US jobs data
Yes Bank reports yet another quarter of stellar performance
Yuan gains but China warns it won't fix economy
Yuan strengthens for sixth day despite flat midpoint fix
Zensar Q4 Net jumps 41.3% to Rs 55.25 crore
"Zinc futures rise 0.29% on global cues
160-165 level to watch out for in Eros: Deepak Mohoni
5 Pharma stocks that propelled BSE Healthcare to lifetime high
650-660 levels likely for RIL in near term: Rajat Bose
7000 plus levels on Nifty possible going ahead: Mitesh Thacker
ACC's October-December net profit rises 9.74% to Rs 276 crore
Adani Group stocks surge on strong volume in pre-budget rally
Airline stocks take off on cut in jet fuel prices
Ajanta Pharma shares surge 8.5 per cent on robust earnings
Allahabad Bank Q4 profit up 15% to Rs 257.6 crore
Allowing foreign investment in stock markets helped economy :Eswar Prasad
"Analysts stay bullish on Wipro post results
"Another 100-150 correction on Nifty is possible: Ashwani Gujral
Any declines on Indiabulls Finserv a buying opportunity: Rajat Bose
Apar Industries set to gain from revival in power sector
APL Apollo Q2 net up 49pc at Rs 12 crore
Apollo Tyres Q1 net rises 37.36% to Rs 227.94 crore
ArcelorMittal's best day in 3 years on Citi double upgrade
Arvind Q1 net profit increases twofold to Rs 67.62 crore
Atul Auto strikes big with dream run in smaller cities
Atul Ltd Q1 Net up 8% at Rs 40.45 crore
Augmenting product portfolio to help Kabra Extrusiontechnik gain market share
Aurobindo Pharma can be bought for long term: Ashwani Gujral
Aurobindo Pharmas Q3 numbers may surprise market on upside: Sharekhan
"Australia shares set for a strong start
Automotive Stampings to raise Rs 29 cr via rights issue
Balaji Amines Q1 net rises 9.4% to Rs 9.31 crore
Balrampur Chini Q3 net profit sweeter by 40 per cent
"Bank Nifty recovering
"Berger Paints gains 8% on robust Q1 results
Berger Paints Q1 net up 17% at Rs 57.46 crore
Best performing stocks of 2015: Lupin shone through pharma headwinds
BG Group's shares soar more than 40% on Shell deal
BGR Energy Systems reports 100 per cent growth on PAT
Bharat Forge Q3 Net jumps two-fold to Rs 196.34 crore
Bharat Forge's Q3 net soars 98% to Rs 94 crore
BHPV turnover jumps 56% at Rs 244 crore in FY13
"Binani Cement settles 3 pc higher
BlackRock ETF funds draw record $102.8 billion in new money
BNP Paribas to buy Belgian government stake in Fortis unit
"BofA-ML sees 20% upside potential in Infosys
Brent recovers above $85 after biggest fall in three years
Broader market stocks that can rally 20% in short term
BSNL reports operating profit of Rs 672 crore for FY15
BT/ST SBI with a target of Rs 2560: Mitesh Thacker
"Bullish on Reliance Communications: Aviral Gupta
"Bullish on TCS in the IT sector: Pankaj Pandey
"Cabinet approves IPO of Cochin Shipyard
Cadila gains; Credit Suisse cites price hike in key drug
Camlin Fine surges 11% on US based DuPont takeover talks
Carborundum Universal Q3 Net up 87.3% at Rs 11.22 crore
CARE Ratings rises up to 4.1% after CLSA buys stake
CARE spurts 5% on MoU with Japan-based credit rating company
Ceat Q3 net profit surges three-fold to Rs 67 crore
Chemical company BASF India Q1 net profit up by 36%
Chilli futures up by 0.31 per cent on rising demand
"China stocks
China yuan rises despite daily midpoint fix at 3-month low
Chinese stocks hit fresh 7-year high despite rush of IPOs
"City Union Bank networth crosses Rs 1
CNX IT likely to head towards 11750-11800 levels: Mitesh Thacker
"Coal India
Companies to see ratings upgrade in next 8-12 months: Moody's
Consider Mahindra Satyam for short and medium term: Deepak Mohoni
Coriander futures rise 0.67 per cent on pick-up in demand
Corp Bank Q2 net jumps 10-fold to Rs 160 crore
Corporation Bank Q3 net rises 16% to Rs 147 crore
Crompton Greaves can go up to 136-144 levels: Mitesh Thacker
"Cyclical stocks come full circle
DB Corp Q3 profit jumps 33.75% to Rs 94.46 crore
DCB Bank shares bounce back as lender revises expansion plan
DCM Shriram Q4 net marginally up at Rs 82.80 crore
"Deal with Adidas will benefit Lovable: Phani Shekhar
Delta Corp sells Kenyan foray for $23 mn; stock up
"Demand recovery on anvil
Dena Bank surges 5% as board approves raising of funds
Dhanlaxmi Bank surges to upper limit on Kotak takeover report
Dish TV is a very good stock: Networth Stock Broking
Dishman Pharma shares soar over 13% on robust Q1 results
Dozen of sugar stocks hit 52-week highs on improving outlook
Early Diwali on Dalal Street? Sensex rallies over 400 points
ECB stimulus flows may help RBI to build forex reserves
Edelweiss Financial Services shares surge as subsidiary gets FIPB nod
Edelweiss is a good bet in broking stocks: Nitin Raheja
Educomp extends gain; stock up 10% on debt restructuring plans
Egypt unrest may fuel rally in oil & gas stocks
Emkay maintains 'buy' on IRB Infrastructure post service tax order
"EPFO subscribes to SBIs entire Rs 2
Eros is planning to delist its Indian subsidiary? Stock surges
Even a minor price hike can power up Adani Power
Exide Industries' focus on profitability makes it an attractive stock
Exide is a good long term investment stock: Deepak Mohoni
"Exit poll effect: Nifty scales past 7
FACT rallies over 7% on Rs 900 crore revival plan
Fag-end buying in select bluechips lifts Sensex by 53 points
FDC jumps over 12% after multiple block deals on BSE
FDI row: Leading retail stocks make gains despite govt move
Firstsource Solutions spurts over 12% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys stake
Fitch upgrades Tata Steel outlook to stable after two years
Force Motors' promoters increase stake as row with Bajajs ends
Force Motors soars 4% post 65% jump in Q2 profits
"Force Motors
Foreign currency bonds by non-financial companies to hit a high'
Forex gains drive Maruti Q1 net up 49 per cent
"GAIL
"GAIL's prospects look very good: Ashit Suri
Gammon Infra approves Rs 200 cr rights issue; stock up
GCPL Q4 net profit zooms 73% to Rs 334.14 crore
Genpact Q1 net up 8.3 per cent at $50.6 million
GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Q3 net up 20.89% at Rs 96.41 crore
GlaxoSmithKline Pharma PAT seen up 16% at Rs 171 cr
GMR shares up as govt approves FDI in airport unit
Gold rises from eight-month low on Syria to physical purchases
Goodyear India Q4 profit grows 71% to Rs 27.60 crore
Government's decision on FDI positive for Indian economy: Ajay Bodke
Greaves Cotton Q1 net profit moves up to 31.76 cr
Greaves Cotton Q4 PAT up 12% at Rs 38.5 crore
Green bonds value may double to $100 billion in 2015
Groundnut oil now the most expensive cooking oil in India
GSK Pharma open offer begins today; stock hits 52-week high
Guargum prices rise in futures trade propelled by strong markets
"Gujarat Pipavav is a good buy: Parag Thakkar
Havells India Q1 PAT up 23% at Rs 87 crore
Havells India Q4 net up 5% at Rs 69.04 crore
HDFC likely to report 10% growth in Q3 net profit
Hindalco bags one more coal mine in auction; stk gains
Hindalco Q2 profit rises by 31% to Rs 103.27 crore
HMT shares zoom over 19% on pact with German firm
Hold HCL Tech and other IT stocks:  G Chokkalingam
Hopes of government spending post elections fire up infra stocks
Hot stock: Espirito Santo sees 85% upside in SKS Microfinance
HT Media rallies 7% as Jhunjhunwala buys 15 lakh shares
HUL set to surge as parent announces voluntary open offer
"IDBI Bank is a buy: Rohit Shinde
"Idea Q4 net profit beats estimates
IFC doubles global rupee bond plan on strong investor demand
IFC increases exposure limit in rupee bonds by $50 million
Ind Swift Laboratories Q3 loss narrows to Rs 12.37 crore
Ind Swift Laboratories up 13% on Piramal stake buy reports
Indo Rama Synthetics Q3 zooms manifold to Rs 97.38 crore
Intraday trades indicate markets likely to bounce back: Mitesh Thacker
"Investors lap up SBI bonds again
Iran deal fires Sensex 388 points: How it benefits India
IRB Infras subsidiary ties-up for Rs 831 cr debt;stk up
IT stocks to benefit in the short term: Mitesh Thacker
Jagran Prakashan Q1 profit jumps 16.89% to Rs 57.76 cr
Jagran Prakashan Q2 net up 10% at Rs 55.50 cr
Jagran Prakashan rallies as Q1 net profit jumps over three-fold
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Q2 profit rises by 22 pc
"Japan shares hit 15 year high
Jaypee Infra Q4 net grows 7-fold to Rs 96 crore
Jaypee Sports International merger with Jaiprakash Associates gets NSE nod
"Jaypee
Jeera futures rise 1.70 per cent on pick-up in demand
Jewellery stocks rally about 14% as gold prices fall sharply
JSW Energy Q2 net up 54% at Rs 492 crore
JSW Energy to be included in Nifty Midcap 50 index
Just Dial jumps as board approves hike in FII limit
Jyothy Laboratories Q3 net up 19.95% at Rs 26.45 crore
Kajaria Ceramics Q3 profit up 17.79% to Rs 29.39 cr
Kesoram Industries Q3 net loss narrows at Rs 88 crore
Kingfisher at year-high on report of Wilbur Ross investment plan
"Kotak Mahindra Bank can be bought: Ashwani Gujral
Laxmi Shivanand Mankekar buys 6.50 lakh shares of Financial Technologies
Liberty Shoes logs 20 pc rise in June quarter Net
"LIC buys 4.66% stake in BHEL for Rs 1
"Like Tata Motors
Local cos eye AIM listing to gain from India craze
Looking at 15% growth for Nifty in FY15: Ajay Bodke
M&A buzz drawing interest to the pharma sector: Deven Choksey
M&M Q2 net profit rises 8% at Rs 758.49 cr
Macros stealing Modi thunder on D-Street? Sensex hits life high
"Maruti Suzuki Q2 net surges 42% to Rs 1
Mastek rallies 20% in 3 days ahead of buyback proposal
McLeod Russel Q1 Net up 36% at Rs 26.21 cr
McNally Bharat posts 53% rise in Q3 rise net profit
Measures by Narendra Modi government that helped Nifty scale 8300
"Meghmani Organics a safe bet: Avinash Gorakshekar
Mentha oil futures up 0.55 per cent on strong demand
Mercator Lines' foray into coal business to boost future earnings
Mercator shares gain 60% in a month on restructuring talks
Merck Q1 net up 14 pc at Rs 14 cr
"MFSL makes stellar debut
Mid-cap stocks would be the outperformers despite steep valuations: Analysts
Midcaps likely to outperform market in coming weeks: Ashwani Gujral
Mindtree Q4 Net up 24.5 percent at Rs 98.2 crore
Mindtree's Q4 net up 14 pc at Rs 78.9 cr
"Momentum in markets looks upbeat: Anand Tandon
Money finally flowing in to small midcap stocks: Dipan Mehta
Monsanto India Q1 net up 16% at Rs 56.24 crore
"Motilal Oswal
"Mphasis continues rally post bright Q2 nos
"MTNL raises Rs 3
Mundra Port Q3 net up 40% at Rs 228.46 cr
Muthoot Capital Q2 net rises 15% to Rs 6 crore
Nalco Q2 net profit jumps manifold to Rs 179 crore
Nasdaq edges to record high to open busy earnings week
NBCC net profit up by 57 per cent in Q3
"Near-term pain
Nectar Life Q4 up 19.53 pc to Rs 31.82 cr
NHPC shares surge nearly 3% as September quarter net jumps
"Nickel jumps nearly 5 per cent
Nifty hits lifetime high of 7809.20; top 20 trading ideas
Nifty likely to touch 7750 on the upside: Mitesh Thacker
"Nikkei rises on Federal Reserve view
"NMDC Q1 Net up nearly 6% at Rs 1
"NMDC Q2 net up 81 pc at Rs 1
"Now
Nucleus Software's Q3 Net soars 90% at Rs 23.38 cr
OBC Q3 net up 15 pc to Rs 289.43 cr
OIS rates surge to highest in nearly 3-months after CPI
"OMCs may cut petrol
"On day of Bajrangi Bhaijaan release
OnMobile Q1 Net soars 48 pc to Rs 14.06 cr
"Opportunities abundant in pharma space: Kunj Bansal
Optimistic on the acquisitions made by Aurobindo Pharma: Mayuresh Joshi
Opto Circuits net profit at Rs 138 crore in Q1
"Overall strength in the market is visible: Hemang Jani
"Overseas bonds a better tool to salvage rupee
"Pace of corporate earnings growth strengthens
Parsvnath raises Rs 270 cr through QIP to fund projects
Petronet LNG remains a good long-term bet despite short-term headwinds
Pick of the week: KEC International a good long-term bet
Pick-up in India demand to pump up Tata Steel profits
"Platinum extends gains to 5th day
Platinum hits 2-month high as strikers block South African mines
P-Notes investment rises to Rs 1.84 lakh crore in October
Pound extends gains into third day on better housing data
"Prices of agricultural commodities
Prime Focus rallies over 5% on acquisition reports of DAX
"Promoters have full faith
Provogue India Q3 net up 7.31% at Rs 9.68 cr
Prudential Management's holding in Mahindra goes up to 11.4 pc
Pullback in Nifty has come to an end: Mitesh Thacker
"Quality stocks will lead the rally: Vijai Mantri
Rail stocks gather momentum as Suresh Prabhu tables Railway Budget
Ranbaxy Laboratories posts a better-than-expected net profit; stock up 4.5%
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd posts 25% growth in FY14 turnover
"Rate-sensitive stocks could do well post elections: Jyotivardhan Jaipuria
Rate-sensitives trade cautiously ahead of RBI meet; IB Realty surges
Reforms push will hold good for the markets: Dhiraj Sachdev
Revival of the hydropower sector to bode well for NHPC
Right time to build long positions on Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Ruchi Soya Q3 Net up 33.35% at Rs 36.54 crore
"Rupee recovers by 21 paise
S K Nationwide's profit soars 44.5% to Rs 33.09 cr
SAIL Q4 profit marginally up 1.35% at Rs 452.58 crore
Saksoft surges over 15% on acquiring stake in ThreeSixty Logica
Sebi revokes capital market ban on Trendline and its founder
Sector-wide consolidation and improving fundamentals will boost Shoppers Stop's valuation
"See a Nifty upmove
Sensex can correct max by 5-10%; uptrend remains intact: Analysts
Sensex makes fresh life high; top 15 stocks in focus
Servalakshmi Paper debuts at over 3 pc premium on BSE
Shalimar Paints trims early gains; stock ends over 2% up
Shanthi Gears Q4 Net jumps 91.4% to Rs 3.67 crore
Shilpi Cable Technologies rallies as Q1 net profit jumps 55%
Shoppers Stop may raise upto Rs 350-cr through QIP route
"Shrinking discounts
"SIB posts higher Q2 net
Silver moves up in futures trade on higher global trend
"Silver
Sinclairs Hotels Q1 net profit up at Rs 2.67 crore
Sintex Industries Q4 net up 23% to Rs 197.78 crore
Softer oil prices boost expectations of an earnings growth recovery
Sony shares hit 3-month high after Q1 profit beats estimates
Southeast Asian stocks rise; Indonesia rebounds ahead of rate decision
Southern Petrochemicals up 9.8% on HC nod for debt waiver
Spot demand lifts lead prices by 0.69% at futures trade
Srei Infra shares zoom 14% on BNP Paribas stake buying
Srei Infrastructure Finance shares rise over 5% on fund-raising buzz
SRF Q1 profit after tax doubles to Rs 44 crore
State-run iron ore miner NMDC now in Nifty 50 index
"Sugar output up 15%
Sundaram Finance Q1 Net jumps 22.3% to Rs 115.99 crore
Supreme Industries Q3 net up 38.67% at Rs 75.83 crore
"Surge in Bosch doesn't bewilder me: Ambareesh Baliga
Swaraj Engines share price surges as company announces 330% dividend
Symphony Q4 net up over 26% at Rs 32.73 crore
TajGVK Hotels & Resorts Q3 net up at 12.91 crore
Take Solutions net profit up 115.8% at Rs 69.99 crore
T-Bill rates spurt as investors link price to term repo
Tech Mahindra may turn positive after 580 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Thermax surges over 8 per cent on strong Q2 results
"Thin world markets rally may run longer
Tokyo stocks close up 2.11%; rides on upbeat China data
Trident Ltd Q3 shoots over 3-fold to Rs 50.9 crore
TV Today Network Q2 up 84% at Rs 24.31 crore
"Unity Infra could give a decent upside: Hemang Jani
"Upside expected in the market
Uptick in demand lifts turmeric futures by 1.44 per cent
Urad climbs by Rs 500 per quintal on tight supply
US stocks: Strong data stops the bleeding on Wall Street
USFDA reports no observations in Granules India plant; stock surges
Usha Martin gains 18 per cent on coal block wins
Ushdev International Q4 profit up 81% at Rs 57.58 crore
Vaswani Industries IPO over subscribed 3.87 times on final day
Venus Remedies get UK approval for cancer drug; stock up
"View on Reliance Industries remains bullish: Shardul Kulkarni
VIP Industries Q1 Net up 16.52% at Rs 26.8 crore
Watch out for Infosys in the IT space: Dipan Mehta
Wealthy investors lap up NHAI's Rs 10k cr bond issue
"Wheat futures up 0.80 per cent on export
When Sebi turned bullish on bringing back trust to markets!
Whirlpool Q1 net profit jumps 26% at Rs 64.55 crore
Why you should buy L&T at lows despite weak earnings
Wockhardt surges 12% as HP drug controller revokes drug suspension
World's biggest airport operator AENA jumps 20.7% in market debut
ZEEL Q3 up 44.48 per cent to Rs 308.61 crore
"Zinc futures up 0.55 pc on overseas cues
100 days of Vishal Sikka: Infosys up at 16.12 per cent
155 stocks hit 52-week high as markets set new lifetime peaks
"22
8K Miles Software net profit surges 60% to Rs 2.76 crore
Aanjaneya Lifecare Q1 Net up 68 pc at Rs 18.93 crore
"Agri stocks spike as Cabinet okays Rs 50
Ajanta Pharma Q4 net profit up 20% at Rs 84.31 crore
Allahabad Bank Q2 net profit up by over 20 per cent
"Alstom India
Amara Raja Batteries Q1 net up 8% to Rs 106 crore
"Attractive opportunities in midcap space:  Arindam Ghosh
Axis Bank is heading to levels closer to 1595: Prakash Gaba
Bajaj Auto Q1 PAT seen 2.4% up at Rs 735 crore
BEL available with decent valuation of about 15-16 times: Hemang Jani
Berger Paints Q4 Net up 26.34 pc at Rs 55.34 crore
Bharti Infratel hits 52-week high on tower deal with Reliance Jio
BHEL rallies on strong order book; rises 10% in two days
"Bhusan Steel surges 14% as asset sale fetches Rs 3
Bhushan Steel looks good over medium to long term: Ashit Suri
"Bilcare signs $61 mn deal with United Drug
"Bluestar: Low costs
BofA Merrill Lynch bullish on energy sector as oil price steadies
Brokers say 'buy' even as Sobha Developers slips post Q1 results
"Bulls on the rampage
Buy Cummins India with a target of Rs 950: Mitesh Thacker
Buy Glenmark Pharma with a target of Rs 834: Sandeep Wagle
BUY' Voltas Ltd with a target of Rs 365 :Ashwani Gujral
Buying opportunities may emerge in Asian oil and gas space: Macquarie
Calculus: New management's focus on earnings bodes well for Crompton Greaves
Can expect ICICI bank to scale up further : Rajat Bose
"Career Point is a great company: Avinash Gorakshekar
Cement sector has good scope for appreciation in long-term: Amisha Vora
Central Bank of India raises Rs 500 crore through bond offer
CERC order a new lease of life for Adani Power: CLSA
"CERC order likely to boost Tata Powers credit quality
Charting Technicals: Investors can expect a multi-year bull run in Wipro
Choppiness to reduce after Nifty goes past 8700 levels: Mitesh Thacker
City Union Bank gains 2% on strong response to share sale
City Union Bank Q4 Net rises 1% to Rs 83.34 crore
CMC FY13 net jumps 52 pc jump to Rs 230 crore
CMC's fourth-quarter profit rises 45.8 per cent to Rs 89.43 crore
"Coffee stocks in for some good times: Deepak Shenoy
Cognizant Q1 revenue rises 20% to $2.42 billion; signals bullish outlook
Commexes turnover to cross Rs 112 lakh crore in 2010-11 fiscal
Cosmo Films Q1 net up 4 folds to Rs 18.42 crore
Dabur Q1 net up 13.33 per cent at Rs 210.81 cr
Dalal Street flummoxed as Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers shares defy gravity
DCM Shriram up over 2%; hits record high on land sale
"Debt funds look more attractive in the short term
"Demand pick-up
Development Corporation Bank a unique player in MSME segment: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Dhanuka Agritech Q3 net profit up 82% at Rs 21.27 crore
Divis Labs Q3 net up 45.07 pc to Rs 98.42 cr
"Dollar sits tight near six-month high ahead of Fed meeting
Dr. Reddys could be very good long term investments: Deepak Mohoni
DSCL Q1 net jumps over three fold to Rs 114 crore
Dynamic bond funds a good bet in falling interest rate scenario
EIH Q4 profit up 35 per cent at Rs 36.44 crore
EIL shares surge over 6% as board to mull interim dividend
Elder Pharma Dec qtr net up 2.34% to Rs 15.73 cr
Elder Pharma Q4 net up 2.73 pc to Rs 17.27 cr
Emmbi Polyarns PAT up 46.65 per cent to Rs 2.56 crore
Engineers India Q4 net up 32.54 pc to Rs 165.57 cr
European operations puts Motherson Sumi overseas order book on fast track
Everonn Education net profit up near 49% at Rs 67.63 crore
Extremely positive on RIL; stock may see rerating:  Mayuresh Joshi
Federal Bank Q1 net profit rises 30% to Rs 190.35 crore
Financial Technologies rallies over 8% on signing technology contract with MCX
FIPB allows IndusInd Bank hike FII limit to 74%; stock rallies
Firstsource may appreciate between 40-80% in next nine months: Mehraboon Irani
French company Arkema picks up 25% stake in Jayant Agro's arm
Future Retail raises Rs 500 cr via private placement of NCDs
Gas stocks jump on report RasGas may modify SPA with Petronet
"GCPL extends winning streak
Geojit BNP Paribas Q1 profit almost doubles to Rs 16.48 crore
GlaxoSmithKline 2010 net profit up 10.37 pc to Rs 560.57 cr
"Government bond market doesnt need fixing
Greek crisis: Tech analysts predict a rebound; Nifty could bounce 3-4%
"Green shoots of economic recovery visible; Nifty seen at 8
"GSPC raises Rs 3
"Have a buy rating on HCL Tech: Pankaj Pandey
Havells Q2 Net up 1 per cent to Rs 113 crore
HCC rallies 5% on completion of first tunnel for Kishanganga project
Hewlett-Packard Co: Shares up after report it will split in two
"Hexaware's Q2 revenue rises 5.6%
Hike in LPG and diesel to reduce subsidy bill: UR Bhat
"Hind Copper eyes better margin
"Hotel industry on path of revival; EIH
Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd stocks rise above 5 per cent
Housing finance companies gain as much as 9.3% on RBI move
HPCL Q3 net profit up nearly 7-fold at Rs 211.03 cr
ICICI Bank gains over 1% after board approves 1:5 stock split
IDBI Bank raises $300mn via overseas bond sale at 5.06% coupon
IDFC sees potential of 30-40% upside in 6-9 months: Devang Mehta
IFC raises Rs 300 crore more from global rupee bond sale
IFCI Q1 net rises 7.5 per cent to Rs 102 crore
Iffco plans to export fertilizers due to drop in domestic demand
IGL surges on reports SC declines PNGRB permit to hold enquiry
IHCL: More room to grow as occupancy shows signs of improvement
IMFA's Q4 net up over 28 pc at Rs 24.48 cr
Indiabulls Housing Finance Q4 net up 21% at Rs 367.59 crore
"Indo Count top bet in textile sector: Vinay Khattar
"Indonesia's richest get $9 billion hit on commodity
"Infosys consolidated Q2 net profit at Rs 3
Infotech Enterprises PAT rises 12% to Rs 69.4 crore in October-December
Infotech Enterprises: Investors should use the correction to buy the stock
Infra stocks a good buy from a long-term perspective: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Insurance companies rally up to 7% as government clears Insurance Bill
Intel could rise 30 per cent over next two years: Report
International Finance Corporation raises $100 million in maiden onshore Maharaja Bonds
Investors can use intraday dips to buy into markets: Mitesh Thacker
IVRCL rallies over 8% on assets sale plan to pare debt
"J&K Bank a good buy at current levels: Pankaj Pandey
"Jet Airways flies nearly 20% post Etihad deal
Jewellery major Rajesh Exports clocks 64.2% jump in PAT in FY12
JP Infratech is a very very unique project of the country'
JSPL surges as Delhi HC stops auction of two coal blocks
JSW Steel Q4 net profit up 29.88% at Rs 793.63 crore
Jyothy Labs looks interesting over a two-three year timeframe: IDBI Capital
Kalindee Rail promoters plan to hike stake to avoid take over
Kansai Nerolac rallies over 8% as Q1 net profit jumps 19.77%
Karur Vysya Bank Q2 profit surges 57% to Rs 142 crore
Karur Vysya Bank Q3 net up marginally to Rs 113.88 Cr
Kesoram promoters infuse Rs 200 cr to raise stake to 49%
Kirloskar Oil Engines Q1 profit jumps 35% to Rs 52.89 crore
Kitex Garments surges nearly 60% in four sessions on robust results
KKR buys 9% in IPO-bound Avantha Power for Rs 217 cr
Kolkata IT expert Bikram Dasgupta appointed World Bank advisor to Bangladesh
Lanco Infratech rallies as lenders approve higher cost for 4 projects
"Large move is on way for RIL: CK Narayan
LIC Housing Finance Q3 profit up 38% at Rs 326.59 crore
"Local investors should buy equities; infra
"Look at PSU banks from 12-15 months perspective: Pankaj Pandey
Lyka Labs to raise up to Rs 100 crore via securities
Market sees 8% to 10% upside in this quarter: Apurva Shah
Media report on DVR led Tata Motors to surge: Jagdish Malkani
"Midcaps important part of our portfolio: Kunj Bansal
Mirc Electronics Q4 net up 87 pc at Rs 9.7 cr
Monnet Ispat surges nearly 13% on likely stake sale by promoters
Moody's gives fifth reason for markets to cheer; record highs seen
MTNL well placed for a next probable upmove: Aditya Birla Money
"Mutual funds create history in August
Mutual funds' exposure to IT stocks hit 5-month high in July
Natco Pharma shares jump 15% on Dilip Shanghvi stake buy reports
"NBFC space looks attractive
Nestle India recovers after slipping 5%; Global CEO says Maggi safe
"Next 3 years will be transformational for RIL
NFL share sale subscribed 1.55 times; govt gets Rs 101 cr
"Nifty to go beyond 6800
NIIT bounces back to profits; revenue rises to Rs 225.3 crore
"Nikkei hits 5-mth high on Federal  policy hopes
"Nikkei hits 7-yr high
"Nikkei rises as MSCI review supports sentiment
"Nomura Holdings Inc: Sensex to touch 30
Novartis India Q4 net profit up 22.30% at Rs 34 crore
Nucleus Software Q4 net up 19 pc to Rs 10.45 cr
Nucleus Software's Q1 net profit up 4% at Rs 11.65 crore
Oil's 45% rebound could be testing nerves of markets and policymakers
Opto Circuits Q4 net profit up 68% at Rs 111.05 crore
"Opto Circuits unveils latest AED in US
"Oracle Financial FY'11 net profit up 43.60% to Rs 1
"Outlook not bleak for Infosys going ahead: Prakash Diwan
"Paper cos to publish better Q1 nos
Pfizer rallies over 6% on acquisition plans; scales above Rs 2000
Polishing image: Fixing of supply chain issues may rerate Bata India
"Power Finance Corp Q3 profit jumps 37% at Rs 1
"Power Finance Corporation FPO fairly priced: Sajiv Dhawan
"Power Finance Corporation raises Rs 2
Power plant operators surge as government plans to boost LNG imports
Praj Industries order booking is picking up substantially:  Sandip Sabharwal
"Prestige Estates Q2 sales bookings up 29% at Rs 1
"Prime Focus up 18% in 2 days
"Punj Lloyd surges 5% as it bags Rs 1
"Q1 numbers
Radico Khaitan Q4 net profit up 81% at Rs 17.4 crore
"Ramco Systems surges on pact with Australian firm
RBS surges 5 per cent on forming JV with CBS Corp
"RComm a good stock in the telecom space: Deepak Mohoni
"REC gets shareholders nod to raise up to Rs 42
Reiterate 'Buy' on Infosys for target of Rs 3250: Prabhudas Lilladher
"Reliance Communications raises Rs 6
Relief over China growth pushes dollar to 1-week high versus yen
Responsive Industries could be a multibagger in the making: Prakash Diwan
RIICO FY'12 net profit up nearly 68% at Rs 473.44 crore
Rolta India shares gain almost 12 per cent on smart earnings
Rural Electrification Corp raises 15.15 billion rupees via 7-yr bonds: Sources
Samsung shares could gain as much as 50 per cent: Barron's
Sanofi India stock likely to be re-rated on company's improving fundamentals
Saraswat Bank posts 78% growth in net profit at Rs 212.27-cr
SAT upholds Sebi order on 9 entities in Rich Universe case
SBBJ Q1 net up 11.83 per cent at Rs 187.52 crore
"Sensex makes new record high at 22
"Sensex soars about 400 points; makes fresh life high of 25
Shalimar Paints Q2 increases 48.02 per cent to Rs 4.13 crore
Shanghai stocks see biggest one-day gain in more than five years
Sharekhan picks top investment ideas as market fall makes valuations reasonable
Sharp movement in Yen has been positive for Maruti: Prashastha Seth
Shree Cement January-March net profit up 26% to Rs 274 crore
"Singapore dollar near 1-month high after easing
SJVN records 28 per cent rise in net profit in October-December
SKF India Q1 PAT up 40 pc at Rs 61 cr
"SKS scrip snaps losing streak
Small stocks give better returns to investors so far this year
"Sobha Developers heading to 200
Sobha Developers Q1 PAT seen up 48% at Rs 46 cr
Sobha Developers: A realty counter that may give over 45% returns
Sona Koyo Steering Systems Q2 net up at Rs 12.62 crore
"Sovereign gold bond scheme more likely to succeed
Soybeans rise to 10-month high after record crush in US mills
SRF Q2 profit jumps 60.87 per cent to Rs 76.85 crore
"Stage set for IT sector to see bounceback
Star Network's Balaji exit sparks excitement in entertainment space: Deven Choksey
State Bank of India rallies over 1% on fund raising plans
Sterling heads towards first week of gains in 8 against dollar
Sterlite Tech Q4 profit jumps 4-fold; to hive off power biz
Stimulus efforts to lift silver assets  ETFs to a record
Supreme Industries Q4 net up 12 pc at Rs 105 crore
Surya Roshni Q1 net profit up 22% at Rs 12 crore
Suven Life Sciences Q1 net up 16.68% at Rs 34.74 cr
Taiwan stocks up slightly on caution ahead of key orders data
Talbros Auto top bet from auto componenet space: P Phani Sekhar
Tata Chemicals Q1 net jumps over two-fold to Rs 175.50 crore
TBZ net profit rises 58% to Rs 18.49 crore in Q4
"Techno Electric's Q1 FY13 PAT at Rs 40.7 crore
There is still lot of interest in IT stocks: Anil Manghnani
"These are good times to buy: Vijai Mantri
Time for CNX IT to hit a new high: Ashwani Gujral
"Top-6 blue-chips add Rs 38
Traders bullish on natural gas even as inventories may show rise
Trent to raise up to Rs 250 cr through shares sale
TTML narrows down net loss to Rs 156.36 crore in Q3
Turnaround in biz fortunes helps ABNL post a profit in Q3
TVS Motor Q2 net jumps over two-fold at Rs 54.78 crore
UB group stocks surge upto 20% on Diageo stake buy talks
"UltraTech Cement hits 52-week high on Nifty inclusion
United Breweries Holdings Q1 jumps over 2-fold to Rs 802 crore
Uptrend in IT likely to continue; buy on declines: Ashwani Gujral
"Urban theme looks good given the deficient monsoon: Pankaj Pandey
"Vakrangee
Valuation gap with larger peer makes Stylam Industries an attractive option
Varun Shipping FY11 profit up 17.45 pc at Rs 14.74 crore
Venus Remedies Q2 net up 4.5 pc to Rs 11.5 cr
V-Mart Q1 net up 26.15 per cent at Rs 9.02 crore
Volkswagen stocks rise 4% over better than expected third quarter earnings
Watch arm's e-tail success helps KDDL tick at a faster rate
Welspun India Q4 net profit jumps 83% to Rs 98.66 crore
Wipro share auction fetches Rs 750 cr for Azim Premji Trust
"Would prefer India Infoline in NBFC space: Pankaj Pandey
Zee Entertainment Q1 net profit up 16% at Rs 243 crore
100 days of Narendra Modi government: Sensex rallies nearly 9%; top bets
10-year yield at over 2-week high as RBI says to cut HTM
40-50% earnings growth expected for Amara Raja Batteries in FY11: Anagram Capital
715-720 is a comfortable level to buy Bank of Baroda: Sandeep Wagle
ABB India posts 25 per cent jump in net profit in Q3
Adani Port Q1 net up 13 per cent at Rs 641 crore
Akzo Nobel Q1 net up 58.51 per cent at Rs 55.18 crore
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Q3 net up 7 per cent at Rs 70.66 crore
"Atul Ltd rallies over 5%
Ballarpur Industries rallies over 13% as IFC invest $100 mn in subsidiary
Beaten-down brokers revive business as stock markets rally on new government optimism
"BHEL Q2 net up 33 pc to Rs 1
Biggest sugar rally in years not over over as deficit looms: Poll
"Blackstone ups stake in MCX
BoB surges 14% from day's low even as Q2 PAT sinks 89%
BPCL is the best bet among the oil marketing stocks: Gaurang Shah
Britannia stock may continue to return well despite expensive valuations: Rahul Shah
Broker Guotai Junan soars in debut after China's biggest IPO since 2010
Brokerages see over 70% upside on Idea Cellular stock in a year
Buy Bank of India with a target of Rs 245: Prakash Gaba
Cadila Healthcare posts 40% jump in net profit to Rs 391 crore
City Union Bank Q3 net profit up 4.54% to Rs 89.09 crore
City Union Bank set to report strong income in next few quarters
"Clariant Chemicals rallies over 12%
Claris surges 18% as pharma cos in race to buy injectible biz
"Clean chit to Halol plant
CLP India's wind energy arm raises Rs 600 crore via green bonds
"CLSA sees over 15% upside in Bharti Infratel
CMC is a good mid-cap IT stock for the portfolio: Deepak Mohoni
"Continue to be positive on Titan
Country Club India Limited Q4 net up 98% at Rs 14.39 crore
Cox & Kings Indias Holidaybreak and other acquisitions begin to pay off
Cox & Kings Q3 net grows over ten-fold at Rs 31 crore
Cox & Kings Q3 net up 19.39 pc to Rs 23.02 cr
Crisil's net profit up 18% at Rs 70.92 cr in December quarter
CV cycle recovery will lead to re-rating for Jamna Auto: Parag Thakkar
Dark horse: Analysts pick IRB Infra as top bet in infra space
Deepak Fertilisers Q4 net profit jumps over 3-fold to Rs 91.44 crore
Dhanuka Agritech Q2 net profit up 35.29 pc to Rs 32 crore
Diageo buys USL shares worth Rs 866 crore; ups stake to 29%
Diamond prices set to outpace gold as luxury spending in Asia rises
"Diesel decontrol
Dishman Pharma surges 6% on clarification for receipt of USFDA warning letter
DLF surges on reports to launch CMBS issue in next two months
"Dollar near 4-month high as data lifts sentiment
Economy revival in sight; here's why you should invest in banking stocks
Eros Intl Media lines-up Rs 700 cr capex over next two years
Expect Maruti stocks to hold up with upcoming product launches: Pramod Gubbi
Expect Pidilite to see revival in volume growth in FY17: Amit Khurana
Experts bet big on largecap stocks; top 10 counters for your portfolio
Exposure to the Middle East market helped Voltas perform well: Dipen Shah
Financial Tech Q1 net profit up 94 pc at Rs 76.06 cr
First pharma IPO in 5 years: Syngenes debut offer subscribed 32 times
GAIL India Q4 profit zooms 57 per cent to Rs 972 crore
GE Shipping Q2 net profit up by 55% at Rs 168.65 cr
Gillette India Q1 Net up 16.57 per cent at Rs 17.68 crore
Gilts reach highest premium to Bunds since 1997 as ECB QE starts
Glenmark Q1 net profit up 3.29 per cent at Rs 190 crore
Go for bigger names like SBI in public sector banks: IV Subramaniam
Gold imports set to rise as RBI eases curbs ahead of Budget
Goldman Sachs: The S&P 500 will hit another all-time high before year-end
Government's proposed rule regarding ABS will boost auto components sector: Prakash Diwan
Granules India nurses itself back to health on better utilisation of plants
"GSPC raises Rs 3
"Have high expectations from the real estate sector: Rajesh Jain
HCL Tech surges over 4% after denial of $10-billion stake sale report
"Heard on the Street: IDFC MFs star picks
Hinduja Global Sol Q3 profit more than doubles to Rs 54.1 crore
HNI's interest in markets leads to rise in midcap stocks: David Pezarkar
HSIL Q2 net profit moves up 52 pc to Rs 13.93 cr
HT Media overseas arm picks up 5 per cent stake in Dealstreetasia
ICRA jumps 20% on Moody's open offer;M-cap swells by Rs 318 crore
IEA sees much higher demand for OPEC oil for rest of 2014
"IFC raises Rs 1
"IFC sells Masala Re Bonds; raises Rs 1
Indiabulls Housing Finance: Fast-growing financial services company is a good long-term pick
"India's position better than other emergings markets: Arindam Ghosh
Infotech Enterprises Q4 net up 29 per cent to Rs 70 crore
Inox raises stake in Fame India to 68.35% for Rs 89 cr
Insider case: SAT rejects RIL plea against Sebi; stock ends in green
IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals plans JV with foreign suitor to push growth
Ipca Laboratories Q1 net up 67 per cent at Rs 71.77 crore
"IREDA seeks Sebi's nod to raise upto Rs 1
IT major TCS outshines again; beats expectations with 4.1% Q1 sales growth
IT stocks performing well due to better quarterly results: P Phani Sekhar
Jagran Prakashan has good triggers over the next one year: Pankaj Pandey
"Jet Airways is best pick in aviation sector: Rajesh Jain
Jindal Steel looking strong on the back of good earnings: Avinnash Gorakssakar
JP Associates is a decent buy closer to 60-62 levels: Ambareesh Baliga
"Just Dial Ltd to set up shop in UK
Jyothy Lab Q3 profit soars 63.1 per cent at Rs 27.4 crore
Jyoti Structures seeks shareholder permission to allow lenders convert debt into equity
Koutons Retail Q3 profit up 18.63 per cent at Rs 15.79 cr
LIC Housing Q2 Net rises 10 per cent at Rs 341 crore
LIC Housing raises Rs 810 cr by issuing preference shares to LIC
"Lower levels on Nifty to be good buying opportunities: Mitesh Thacker
LT Foods Q4 net jumps more than seven-fold at Rs 9.69 crore
Markets likely to remain volatile; top five trading strategies for Budget week
Mastek gains 34% in past week; to reap dividends on demerger plans
"MFs dominate among 20 buyers of Rs 1
MIRC Electronics net profit up at Rs 9.71 cr in March quarter
Money is flowing to early cyclical plays like capital good: Prashasta Seth
MRF Q2 net profit surges 94.66 per cent to Rs 332.62 crore
"MRPL now a Schedule A company
"Nakoda: Increasing cotton yarn prices
NALCO is a 'BUY' with a target of Rs 54: Prakash Gaba
Nasdaq's revamp of PSX exchange to put focus back on order size
"New biz model
NHAI bond issue sees spectacular response; subscribed 3 times on day 1
Nifty to head towards 7680 if doesn't break below 7540: Mitesh Thacker
Nifty to head towards 8200-8250 in next 4-5 trading sessions: Mitesh Thacker
NPA factor: PNB surges 6% despite Q3 net profit declining by 42%
Oberoi Realty rallies 15% as SC frees up stuck projects in Mumbai
"OIJIF ups stake in NCDEX
Oil jumps 3 per cent to $63 as energy firms slash investments
OMCs pullback on hopes of no fuel price cut in near term
"Once above Rs 268
"ONGCs long term pattern is positive: Sandeep Wagle
OPEC price plan may be the first step towards $70 oil floor
PC Jeweller Q1 Net up 18.50 per cent at Rs 82.47 crore
Piramal to acquire 10% stake in Shriram City for Rs 790 cr
"Platinum jewellery is gaining more favours among young Indian customers
"Positive momentum to stay intact; Nifty to test 8
PowerGrid net jumps 21 pc to Rs Rs 591 cr in Oct-Dec
"Prefer Arvind among textile stocks; see improvement revenue growth
"Private sector banks poised to outdo PSU peers: Mayuresh Joshi
Puravankara Q4 net up 71% at Rs 79 crore; interim dividend 50%
Q2 nos to lead the market rally; Infosys and banks boost sentiments
Radico Khaitan hits 52-week high as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picks 6.85 lakh shares
"Radio Mirchi posts 16% jump in quarterly net profit
Railway stocks rally as much as 13% ahead of Rail Budget 2014
Ranbaxy Laboratories rallies over 8% on USFDA nod for Diovan's generic version
Rane Holdings Q3 net up 13.74 per cent at Rs 11.42 crore
RComm is above 20 and 50 day exponential moving averages: Rohit Shinde
Real estate sector has moved forward over last 5-7 years: Rajiv Anand
Rebound in global oil prices perk up investor interest in support companies
Reliance Industries crosses Rs 1k after 3 years on FIIs Nifty play
RIL extends rally post gas price hike approval; up 10% since June
Rose export market gives good returns to growers ahead of Valentines Day
RPG Life Q1 net profit soars over 19-fold to Rs 55 crore
RPM International to make open offer for additional 20 pc in Kemrock
Rupiah gains on boost to Jokowi's election campaign; intervention drags on won
Santos soars on bid refusal but Asia markets on edge over China
"Shriram Transports bond issue a big hit
Sintex Industries Q1 Net up 47.27 per cent at Rs 107.38 crore
Snowman Logistics can do well with a long term perspective: Neeraj Deewan
Some big banking stocks may see upside in near term: Avinash Gorakssakar
South Korean won hits near six-year high after May current account data
"SRF rallies over 10%
Sterlite gains as SC sets aside Madras HC order on Tuticorin plant
Still some money left on the table for IT space: Vijai Mantri
"Strides' Q4 profit jumps 47-fold to Rs 3
Sugar stocks jump up to 20% after UP government holds cane price
"Sustained FII flows will push markets higher
Symphony Ltd Q1 net rises 51 per cent to Rs 21.63 crore
TajGVK Hotels & Resorts Q4 Net jumps 8-fold to Rs 4.92 crore
Tata Motors Q1 consolidated PAT seen up 111% at Rs 3650 crore
Tax free bonds are back; be an early bird to gain advantage
Tea prices firm up in global market despite production increasing by 13.3%
There could be a decent 25-30% upside in Maruti's stock: Prakash Diwan
Things to get better for oil space after government reforms: Prateek Agarwal
Thomas Cook can return well over the next 1-2 years: Neeraj Deewan
Titagarh Wagons forays in metro coach business; stock up 1 per cent
Titagarh Wagons launches open offer to buy up to 25% in Cimmco
Tobacco stocks surge up to 13% on reports of cigarette price hike
"Top seven companies add Rs 44
Trent rallies over 2% as Tesco completes establishment of a 50:50 JV
"TTK Prestige has been a big performing stock: CK Narayan
TV18 Broadcast Q3 Net up 16.83 per cent at Rs 60.37 crore
TV18 posts multi-fold decline in FY-11 net loss at Rs 20.11 crore
Unichem Lab Q1 net up 9 per cent at Rs 36 crore
Uninor operating loss narrows down to Rs 70 cr in second quarter
"Usha Martin zooms 20% on coal block win
Ushdev International Q2 profit up 112 per cent to Rs 44 crore
"Valuations of banking stocks looking decent: Dhiraj Agarwal
Very bullish on India; Narendra Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark Mobius
V-Guard Industries Q1 net soars 26.13 per cent at Rs 22.25 crore
Weekly Asia FX gains seen as Fed keeps rates; growth worries remain
"Wonderla Holidays debuts on bourses
"Worst seems to be over for sugar sector: Jagdish Malkani
Wyeth locked at 20% upper circuit on plan to merge with Pfizer
25% minimum upside in the South India Bank over one year: Angel Broking
5300 to 5355 is the level to watch out on Nifty: Rajat Bose
"A fantastic bull market is under way: Dipan Mehta
"Apollo Hospitals a good bet for medium to long term: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Arvind Ltd ties up with GAP for new stores; stock hits 52-week high
Ashok Leyland shares surge over 9 per cent after strong sales in December
Balmer Lawrie & Company Q1 net up 2 pc at Rs 45.63 crore
Bayer CropScience rallies over 13% as Q2 profit grows to Rs 176 crore
"Berger Paints a decent bet from a medium term horizon: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Blue Star profit up 36 per cent at Rs 31.01 crore in Q1
Britannia Industries rallies over 8% post Q2 results; Top pick in FMCG space
Bullish on Cairn India; could head towards as high as 355-360: Mitesh Thacker
"Cadila Healthcare beats estimates with 81% jump in Q3 profit
Camlin Fine Sciences may return 100-200% in next  30 months: Mehraboon Irani
"Century Textiles rallies on board rejig
Chambal Fertilisers Q1 Net up by 47 per cent at Rs 112.98 crore
CNX IT to remain positive and strongest among the tech pack: Mitesh Thacker
Construction companies surge up to 15 per cent as government plans infra push
Core Projects to buy UK firm ITN Mark for $25 mn; stock up
"Corporate bond investments set new record
Crompton Greaves extends rally on stake sale reports; up over 20% since February
Crompton Greaves rallies 3% on contract win; stock up over 50% in 2014
"Crucial support at 7
"CTT hits turnover of MCX
DB Realty rallies over 3% as Q2 profit rises to Rs 10 crore
"Demand from anchor investors impressive
Dhampur Sugar Mills net profit up at Rs 52.63 crore for March Quarter
Diageo stock surges on news of takeover by Brazillian billionaire Jorge Paulo Lemann
Eveready Industries India Q2 net profit rises over four-fold to Rs 17.64 crore
"Facebook goes express to mega-cap status - now valued more than AT&T
Fading monsoon concerns may lift agri stocks; positive on Rallis India: Pankaj Pandey
"FY16 likely to bring cheer to India Inc
"Gallant Ispat should move up for few days: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Gas price hike positive for both Reliance & ONGC: Pramod Gubbi
Gateway March quarter net up by 20 per cent due to tax gains
Government's decision on gas pricing will open up the sector more: Vinay Khattar
"Have a buy call on Ipca Laboratories: Sharmila Joshi
HCL Technologies: Positive management commentary lifts the stock from the day's low level
"HDIL a good stock to look at: Devang Mehta
Hold rating on HDFC bank with a target price of 650: Pankaj Pandey
"HSBC sees Sensex hitting 30
ICICI Bank in green ahead of  Q4 results; here's what to expect
Idea Cellular to be the top pick among the telecom stocks: Rajat Rajgarhia
"IGATE to create team that targets strategic deals
"IIFCL net profit up 47 per cent at Rs 1
Indian Hotels a good investment call over medium to long term: Ashit Suri
"Info Edge rallies over 7%
Inox Wind likely to see margin expansion; valuations not too demanding: Mayuresh Joshi
Insecticides India Q1 net profit up 23 per cent at Rs 17.4 crore
"InterGlobe Aviation's Rs 3
"It's safe ride for India Inc so far
Jaypee Group stocks rally over 12% on power plant deal with JSW Energy
Keep long positions in the IT sector in the coming days: Mitesh Thacker
"Kharif sowing expected to increase due to good monsoons: Sharad Pawar
Logistics firm Gati Q1 profit jumps over two fold to Rs 15 crore
Major recovery happening in terms of economic environment in power sector: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Marked improvement across segments; agri space just one of them: Pankaj Pandey
"Midcaps correcting more than normal; good time to accumulate: Neeraj Deewan
Mid-caps to outperform large-caps in 2H15; top five stocks to bet on: HSBC
Monster rally on the cards post elections! Sensex seen at 26-27k by 2014-end
Morgan Stanley sees 30% upside in Reliance Communications post Rs 1200 cr deal
Muthoot Finance to come up with public issue of NCDs on September 17
Nalco Q1 net jumps 69% to Rs 271 crore on higher aluminium prices
"NBFC have gone little euphoric before the budget: Deven Choksey
NMDC shares up over 4 per cent on hike in iron ore prices
ONGC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 418: Vijay Bhambwani
"Opportunity awaits in many real estate companies; focus on Godrej
Option bets soar as Nifty seen at 5800 next month on reform push
"Outlook for IT sector positive
Persistent Systems' performance based on a good manegement and business model: Kunj Bansal
Platinum becomes cheaper than gold; demand up 40-50% in Indian markets in Feb-March
"Polaris ends 14% higher on stake sale buzz
"PSU banks on fire on rate cut hopes
Punjab National Bank Q2 net up 13.81 per cent at Rs 575.34 crore
"RCom rallies 20% in April; more deals will lead to re-rating
RComm's pact with Reliance Jio will help it to reduce debt: Nitin Raheja
Reliance Capital Q1 net profit up 22.5 per cent at Rs 201 crore
Sanghvi Movers a turnaround story; IFB Inds to see festive boost: Kunj Bansal
"Seeing strong upmove for Nifty for next 3-5 years: Ajay Bodke
Shares of Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore rally over 6% on hopes of revival
"Silver surges to Rs 60
Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
"Some upside still left in Vijaya Bank: Devang Mehta
Strides Arcolab Sept qtr net up 84 per cent to Rs 41 cr
Sugar stocks see sweet gains as govt approves subsidy on raw sugar export
Tara Jewels posts consolidated Q1 net up by 32% at Rs 11.64 cr
Technical charts indicate we could be headed for a 13-year bull run: LKP
"TVS Motors still good; recent drubbing just a correction: Parag Thakkar
Upcoming festive season likely to augur well for the retail sector: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
VA TECH Wabag reports over 100 pc jump in third quarter net profits
Videocon buys 5.5 lakh shares of ABG Shipyard for over Rs 20 crore
"Visible growth in IT sector offers comfort
Voltas is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 295: Ashwani Gujral
"Within top tier pack
Wockhardt gains 5 pc to hit upper circuit of Rs 398.40 on BSE
Worst is behind for IDBI Bank; all eyes on management activity: Deven Choksey
Yen strengthens ahead of US jobs report as investors push into safer assets
"$3.56 trillion: Despite spending billions to prop up currency
10-15 per cent upside still left in Infosys; could touch 3800 levels: Rajen Shah
2014 Lok Sabha elections: PSU banks surge as NDA set to win majority comfortably
"Acceleration in infra activity
Amara Raja Batteries Q4 net profit surges 27.74%  to  Rs 102.26 crore
"An extra $1 trillion to India's GDP by 2020 makes midcaps hot
Anant Raj to sell stake in Greatway Estates for Rs 304 crore; stock gains
"Are IT stocks losing touch? No
Audit panel suggests RIL can recover $160.8 million cost in KG D6; stock up
"Autos drive Sensex higher
BoB Q3 FY 10 profit up by 18 pc on strong growth in fee-income
Budget 2014: Why ITCs stock gained despite the increase in excise duty on cigarettes
"Cadila Healthcare remains preferred pick in pharma space:  Hemang Jani
"Can buy Reliance on declines of Rs 15-20: Sandeep Wagle
Chennai Petroleum net profit jumps over seven-fold at Rs 364 crore for fourth quarter
"Claris Lifesciences is a good buy: G Chokkalingam
"Corrections offer long term investors entry into pharma stocks: Dipan Mehta
Deccan Gold Mines gets Sebi's nod to raise Rs 44 crore through rights issue
Dishman Pharma hits 52-week high as drug maker gets licence to manufacture TB medicine
Easier Sebi listing norms aim at encouraging startup industry to tap institutional trading platform
"Engineers India a value buy at the current level: Avinash Gorakshekar
Existing investors should hold on to Eicher Motors' stock for long-term gains: Mayuresh Joshi
"Exporters expect black pepper to double to 70
FII stake in SKS Microfinance soars to record high of 44.61% in April-June quarter
Firstsource Solutions gains 68% on bourses in three months as business outlook turns positive
"Forget Iraq woes
Govt's boost to infra sector may auger well for road sector stocks: Hemindra Hazari
Gujarat State Fertilizers Company's net profit in Q1 rises 22% to Rs 172 crore
HSBC adds HDFC Bank to its 'Asia super ten stocks' portfolio; ups target price
IIFL recommends Apollo Tyres with a `Buy and a target price of Rs 94
Infra cos should be growing at 25-30% in the next 5 yrs: Gul Tekchandani
Institutional buying necessary for markets to move higher; focus on smallcap stocks: Ashwani Gujral
"Institutional investors buy HDFC warrants in hordes
"Jain Irrigation looks an excellent bet at this point: Deven Choksey
"Jewellery stocks glitter
"Keep UPL in your portfolio for long term returns: Deven Choksey
Low valuations and better balance sheets make auto stocks a good pick: Pankaj Pandey
Nalco: Stability in aluminium prices & favourable rupee-dollar ratio make it a good buy
"Offshore yuan surges by more than 1 per cent
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala to invest in Next Mediaworks subsidiary; stock surges 60% in six sessions
"Relaxo Footwear's stock gained 75% in six months
Russia central bank makes 17.66 billion roubles worth of forex interventions on October 7
"SBI beats asset woes
Shoppers Stop surges 14 per cent to hit year high on fund raising plan
Shriram City seeks Sebi nod to raise up to Rs 200 cr via NCDs
SKS Microfinance ends 4% higher as Q4 net profit jumps to Rs 40.54 crore
"SRF rallies 20%
SRS Ltd income surges by 19 per cent to Rs 3439.38 crore in FY14
Tea prices likely to rise 15-35% post elections on low offerings at the auctions
Tyre stocks may go up by another 30% from these levels: P Phani Sekhar
Venus Remedies shares surge nearly 14% intraday as company announces issue of equity shares
"VIP Industries rallies over 8%
Vishal Sikka effect? Infosys' quarterly revenue growth fastest in 3 years at $476 million
"With auto sales gaining pace
2014 Lok Sabha elections: Retail investors make hay as stocks soar on Narendra Modi wave
"Advani Hotels locked in upper circuit
"Ajay Piramal to strengthen role in Shriram Group
"Ambuja
"Amtek Auto jumps on reports company plans to raise Rs 6
"At Mahindra Holidays
Bank of Indias net profit up 8.6 per cent due high provisions for bad loan
BASF stocks gain 76% in three months but earnings need to grow to match valuations
"Berger Paints: With major capex out of way and better reach
Bet on Reliance Power  with a  slightly medium to longer term horizon:Avinnash Gorakssakar
"BHEL a safe bet for investors having 6-12 months horizon: Gajendra Nagpal
BHEL surges 52% in 12 sessions: Why investors should be wary of buying the stock
"Cement sector may attract institutional investors on likely uptick in utilisation rate
Chinese markets bounce back over 6% on attempts to stem rout; state intervention to weigh
Cipla's attractive valuation post 8% fall in a month makes it a good long-term buy
Clarification on royalty payment likely to help Maruti in terms of pricing power: Prakash Diwan
Clarity on gas pricing will be a boost of confidendce for RIL stock: Deven Choksey
Consistent performer HDFC Bank can be among top 3 holdings in any portfolio: Dipan Mehta
Dabur Q4 net profit up 18% at Rs 201 crore on back of strong growth
Decent uptick in a stock like Bharti can happen if Reliance bids aggressively: Prashastha Seth
Does Greece matter to India? Nifty likely to hit Mt 11K in next 18 months
Earnings review: IT gets Q1 party going with net profit up 15.7% for June quarter
Federal Bank Q3 net up 9 per cent at Rs 230 crore on improved assets
"Genpact ups sales forecast from 13% to 25%
GVK Power surges 12% as arm set to file draft papers with Sebi by Feb-end
Hedge funds most bullish on silver in 7 months on hope it will outperform gold
Here's what to expect from HDFC Q4 results; net profit to grow by 6.2% YoY
Idea Cellulars consolidated net profit increases 7 per cent to Rs 809 crore in Q2
Info Edge India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 720: Shrikant Chouhan
It'll again be a buyers' market for gold in '15 as US rate hikes seen
"Just Dial Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1
Larsen & Toubro net profit up 35 per cent to Rs 894 crore; below estimates
Metals stocks have gained 60% in 4 months: Should one stay bullish on the counter
Nestle is a favoured stock in terms of valuation gap:  Emkay Global Financial Services
Nitin Fire bags Rs 250 crore order from Abu Dhabi airport; stock surges over 5%
OFSS hits 52-week high; rallies over 10% on interim dividend of Rs 485 per share
"Praj Industries back on growth track with ethanol business revival
PTC India Financial Services  reports 91% jump in Q4 profit to Rs 46.36 crore
Rail Budget 2015: Invest in railway stocks for long haul; top stocks to bet on
Railway stocks on a roll ahead of rail budget; gain up to 8 per cent
"Renewable energy sector likely to attract sea of opportunities; Adani Power
See 3-5% uptick in indices if GST gets Rajya Sabha nod: Emkay Global Financial Services
"Somany Ceramics posts 32% profit growth in Q4
Spike in Jubilant price may be result of Burger King tie up talks: Dipan Mehta
"State Bank of India beats estimates
Technical Check: Havells likely to resume uptrend soon; buy for a target of Rs 325
"There is a lot of enthusiasm in the market for IDFC: Ajay Bodke
"There is a lot of positivity in the Nifty: Sandeep Wagle
Videocon Industries net profit up 5.55 per cent at Rs 18.61 crore in December quarter
"Wockhardt rallies 20% on strong volumes
YES Bank Q4 net up 33 pc at Rs 362.15 cr; declares 60 pc dividend
Adlabs' IPO a good opportunity for investors willing to invest in entertainment  biz: Deven Choksey
Ancillary stocks like Ashok Leyland set to gain from rise in mining activity in coming years
HCC rallies over 12% as Lavasa gets Sebi nod to raise Rs 750 cr via IPO
HDFC Bank posts 20 per cent hike in net profit in Q2 on retail loan demand
Hike in cigarette prices to offset fall in volumes; valuations looks attractive for ITC: Mayuresh Joshi
Infosys: Implied volatilty hits 5-year high as buyers queue up to puchase options ahead of results
JLR effect: Tata Motors may see 102% surge in Q3 PAT; how to trade the stock
Metals and mining companies will now have to operate more efficiently to generate profits: Pramod Gubbi
"NBFCs look at a healthy fourth quarter despite stress points
"Orient Cement rallies 20 per cent
Pre-market: Nifty likely to hit fresh record highs as exit polls show NDA winning LS elections
Reserve Bank of India adds net $5.5 billion in up to 1-year forex forwards in July
Rush for higher returns before rate cut: NTPC tax-free bonds oversubscribed 10 times on Day 1
"SAIL's 5% stake sale will fetch government Rs 2
Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd reports a narrowed loss of Rs 400.4 crore for the first quarter
Snowman may be a cool long-term buy; large cold storage network gives it a competitive edge
"Uptrend in Infosys on account of relative value
Amitabh Bachchan buys 1.1 lakh shares in Stampede Capital; stock has shot up 30% in a month
"Blackstone believes in India blockbuster
"Make a base right now
"Momentum will be back in FMCG stocks as the consumer spending picks up: Harendra Kumar
Monnet Ispat & Energy records 23% y-o-y revenue growth in June quarter; input costs squeezes EBIDTA margins
"Month on month sales numbers of auto sector have improved: Gaurang Shah
Pipavav Defence rebounds after slipping over 4% as SEBI sought detail of trades prior to stake sale
Singapore-based hedge fund Tree Line Asia Master Fund sells VA Tech Wabag shares worth Rs 20 crore
"No reason to shy away from buying ITC because of excise duty hike: Mehraboon Irani
Samvat 2072 starts on a cheerful note; Sensex up 124 points in biggest 'new year' gain since 2010
SUUTI stake sale won't have a significant impact on the long term profile of Axis Bank: Vijai Mantri
"Technical Check: Not the time to log out of Infosys
"Rallis India can give decent return in 3 to 4 months based on strong fundamentals: Neeraj Deewan
"Saatchi & Saatchi adds creative muscle with new appointments
Brazilian sugar threat to Indian millers
"Downgrade Wipro to 'Hold'
Wheat futures down on profit-booking
Vedanta mis-stated facts in Sebi filings
Lender invokes United Spirits' pledged shares
UCO Bank looking negative: Somil Mehta
Cautious on two-wheeler space: David Pezarkar
Twitter shares fall below IPO price
Tokyo stocks open 0.32% lower
Thermax slumps post weak Q2 results
Promoter feud hits SV Global
Selling pressure on Suzlon: Seshadri Bharathan
Bearish on sugar stocks: Mitesh Thacker
Legal hurdle sours sugar exports
Sugar prices falls on weak demand
Sterlite Industries tanks 5% on bourses
Sterling dips before UK inflation report
Sterling falls back after BoE minutes
Trade steel stocks today: Deepak Mohoni
Soyabean futures decline on global cues
Avoid SKS Microfinance: Ashwani Gujral
Silver edges lower on global cues
Shreyas Shipping Q1 Net dips 57.46%
Sensex ends in the red
Select grains down on reduced offtake
Sahara One Media shares slump 3.5%
Russian rouble weakens at market opening
"Fresh bout of liquidity on the rupee could weaken it further: Prakash Diwan
Supply concerns keep rubber prices buoyant
Valuation of Religare-Invesco deal not expensive
Short sell Reliance Capital: Deepak Mohoni
Ramky Infrastructure faces rising interest cost
Bad weather hampers Rabi oilseed cultivation
Pyramid Saimira reports Rs 5.20-cr loss
Soaring PSU shares spark pricing worry
"Gujarat PSU stocks lose allure sans CM Narendra Modi
Pratibha Industries shares down; Crisil downgrades
Pistachio prices fall on sluggish demand
Switch out of Piramal: Deepak Mohoni
Pearson slump drags Britain's FTSE lower
Wholesale onion prices slide in Maharashtra
Cautious on ONGC: Avinash Gorakshekar
NTPC shares slip as Barclays downgrades
Profit-taking pulls Nikkei from 5-1/2-mth high
"Nickel succumbs to profit-booking
Mustardseed futures soften on profit-booking
Mustard oil weakens on subdued demand
Menthol declines on reduced offtake
Menthol prices decline on reduced offtake
Mentha oil falls 0.39% on profit-booking
CBI probes MCXs market debut
"We're in a bear market
Marico fourth-quarter net profit drops 20%
Maize futures dip on selling pressure
Information technology stocks drag Sensex down
India Cement Q3 net dips 98%
Bearish on IDFC: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Hong Kong stocks end 1.90% lower
Gur ends flat on subdued buying
Bearish on Great Offshore: Ashwani Gujral
Gold's allure dims
Gold futures decline on global cues
Gold loses lustre in spot market
Global stocks lackluster after tech tumble
Negative bias on GAIL: Mitesh Thacker
Panel to monitor food futures
Paris underperforms flat European stock markets
Ukraine nerves send European shares lower
Russia rout hits European shares
"Offshore India ETFs pull money out in July
Edible Oil prices to come down
DLF approaches SAT against Sebi order
Dhanlaxmi Bank on downtrend: Ashwani Gujral
Rapid currency trades may kill arbitrage'
Cottonseed oil weakens on subdued demand
Cottonseed futures fall on selling pressure
Commodities market comes back to bite
Bearish on commodities: Mehrab Irani
Cocoa hits 32 month low
Chana falls 0.25% on increased supply
Chana futures down on profit booking
"Chana futures extend losses
Castor seed futures fall on profit-booking
"Bonds drop further
Why Biocon's deal with Pfizer failed?
Bharti Infratel oversubscribed; stock plunges 7%
Basmati rice exports fetch lower prices
Base metals decline on lower demand
Barley futures decline on selling pressure
Underweight on banking stocks: Manish Kumar
Bearish on Bajaj Auto: Ashwani Gujral
"Australia shares slip
Global growth worries hit Asia currencies
"Andhra chilli turns hotter
Almond declines on subdued demand
NCDEX hikes transaction charges on agri-commodities
Selling pressure hits ADAG stocks
SFIO files prosecutions against 8 companies
RBI's rupee management undermines hedging push
Cardamom futures down 0.33% on profit-booking
Cardamom futures fall 0.46% on profit-booking
"Ignore grievances
10-year bond falls on liquidity woes
10-year bonds fall slightly; seen range-bound
Deepening bond rout rattles world markets
Economic growth worries hit emerging stocks
Mullaperiyar dam dispute hampers cardamom trade
10-year bonds pare gains after budget announcements
Airlines down on jet fuel price hike
"Amazon shares slide on disappointing earnings
Anant Raj on intermediate downtrend: Sharyans Resources
Andhra Bank April-June net profit down 6%
Apple 3.8% loss leads US stocks sell-off
Ashoka Buildcon's net profit slips; stock flat
Asian markets: Tokyo stocks open 0.28% lower
Barley futures slip further on renewed selling
Base metals decline on bearish LME trend
Bharti Airtel Africa Q1 net loss widens
Bharti Airtel underperforms on Reliance Jio worries
Biocon shares fall as June-quarter earnings disappoint
BOC India delisting plan fails; stock down
Bond yields edge down; profit-taking expected later
Bond yields fall slightly; liquidity in focus
Book profits in OMC stocks: Ambareesh Baliga
Brent slips near $110 after Ukraine election
"Britain FTSE extends falls
BSE expels Parsoli Corp as trading member
BSE increases annual listing fee for companies
Cantabil lists at 15 per cent discount
Cardamom futures extend weakness on sluggish demand
Castor seed futures decline on weak demand
Castorseed futures slip 1.54% on weakening trend
Caution required on agri stocks: Dipan Mehta
"Cement stocks bearish: Vinith Jain
Chana futures down 0.89% on higher supply
Chana futures soften 0.31% on weak demand
Chilli futures decline 0.58% on adequate supply
Chilli futures weaken 1.55 pc on profit-booking
Coca-Colas volume growth slows in January-March quarter
Commodities sector may show weakness: Anu Jain
Companie Q2 sales growth at 4-quarter low
Copper futures extend weakness on global cues
Copper futures fall 0.20% on global cues
Cotton farmers to suffer from fibre security
Crude palm oil prices reduce on profit-booking
Crude rout slams stocks; safe-haven assets sought
Day traders raise bearish bets on gold
DCM Shriram falls after hitting record high
Devaluation fears grow amid China currency drop
DLF's Q3 profits fall 30.25 per cent
Do not Subscribe' to Prestige Estates IPO:Edelweiss
Dollar/yen threatens to fall below 200-day average
Emami drops after AMRI hospital fire incident
Euro dips on weaker service sector surveys
Euro lower against dollar on profit taking
European shares shaky despite US Federal assurance
European stocks slip amid poor eurozone data
Exit Bajaj Auto on raillies: Ashwani Gujral
Firstsource in a persistent decline: Deepak Mohoni
Five reasons why Sensex fell 360 points
"Further downside likely: Sonam Udasi
Gati slips 6% on dissapointing Q2 numbers
Gokaldas faces resistance of 175-180: Siddh Capital
Gold futures fall on weak global cues
Gold prices soften in early noon trade
"Gold's expensive
Grasim net falls 59% on lower sales
"Growth worries grip stock markets
Guargum futures fall on weak overseas cues
Gujarat Petronet plunges 6.6% on weak earnings
"Gur falls on sluggish demand
Havells India slumps on revenue forecast cut
Hexaware shares tank 11% on disappointing results
Hindalco posts smaller-than-expected profit on weak prices
Holcim-Ambuja Cements deal not winsome for investors
"Hong Kong shares fall again
"Hospitals may get a rerating
IDEA: Subscribers growth fails to boost numbers
Illiquidity a concern for STC: Deepak Mohoni
India bonds dip after Janet Yellen speech
India tea prices drop on rising supplies
Individuals cannot trade in forex market: RBI
Indraprastha Gas Ltd's Q2 profit dips 7%
Innoventive Industries makes weak debut on bourses
Investments in infra stocks can wait: IL&FS
IPCA Laboratories stock slumps 16 per cent
"Ishtitmar to convert SpiceJet bonds
JSPL down on CAG report: Prakash Diwan
Kalindee Rail Nirman slips amid takeover battle
Karvy Computershare indulged in IPO irregularities: Sebi
KPIT Technologies Ltd falls 8% on earnings
Macau casino stocks have further to fall
"Macquarie lowers 2015 gold
"Maruti: Higher input costs
Mentha oil futures fall 1.59% on profit-booking
Metal space under pressure now: Deepak Mohoni
MF investors may face service tax whammy
MNCs face Sebi heat on public-holding norms
Most-traded 14-year benchmark bond yield nudges lower
Mphasis stock falls after disappointing Q1 show
Mustardseed futures slip on weak spot cues
Nickel futures down on subdued domestic demand
Nickel futures down on subdued spot demand
Nickel futures fall 0.28 pc on profit-booking
Nifty decline may continue till 5200-5300 level
Nifty seen opening lower; Inflation data eyed
No sustainable competitive advantage in airline industry'
Not best time to buy sugar stocks'
Nothing much happening on Nifty: Ashwani Gujral
Oil slips below $86 on global over-supply
OMC stocks not looking attractive: UR Bhat
Omkar Speciality down 53% in debut trade
Onion prices fall on good monsoon rain
OPEC decision knocks oil down; dollar gains
Organic cotton loses premium on demand-supply mismatch
Paint stocks valuations not comfortable: Deven Choksey
Pepper futures down 0.24 pc on profit-booking
Petronet LNG on verge of breakout: Emkay
"Police
Ponzi schemes: Sebi launches 550 prosecution cases
Potato futures down 0.76% on weak demand
Potato futures slip 0.53% on subdued demand
"Promoters' debts: Investors lose Rs 50
Pulse push unlikely to yield result soon
Puravankara Projects cracks 13% post Q1 results
Rally in industrials may fizzle out soon
Ranbaxy: Poor business outside India hurts numbers
RBIs balancing act amid shaky currency market
RIL shares fall 4.5% on earnings worries
Russian shares down after Malaysian airliner crash
Sagging demand may lower natural gas prices
SAT upholds penalty against Akriti Global Traders
SAT upholds Sebi order against Indira Securities
Sebi prohibits Almondz Securities for six months
Securities Appellate Tribunal disposes of Sahara appeal
Select base metals declines on lower offtake
Select base metals drop on global cues
Selling pressure on Tata Steel: Seshadri Bharathan
"Sensex ends in red
Sentiment in government bond market turns bearish
"Siemens to delist from London
Sony shares drop steeply on loss warning
Soyabean oil edges up on retailers demand
Sterling falls after British retail sales disappoint
Sterling falls after surprise UK output dip
"Stressed assets
"Sugar futures fall on govt measures
Sugar is losing fairly quickly: Ashwani Gujral
Supply pressure drags down sugar futures 0.89%
Titan Ltd falls after ending deposit schemes
Tokyo shares plunge 3.47% in early trade
TRF shares crash by 28 per cent
Tribunal upholds Sebi order against Comfort Fincap
TTK Prestige shares fall; Standard Chartered downgrades
Turmoil continues in the mutual fund industry
"Twitter stock tumbles after revenue
"Underweight on commodities: Vijai Mantri
US bond mood worst since disastrous 2009
Usha Martin Q3 net falls by 59.4%
VIP may go down further: Ashwani Gujral
"Voltas: Cost overruns
Weak Chinese data spooks Asian credit markets
Wockhardt stock plummets 20 pc on bourses
World stocks slide as China manufacturing shrinks
Zinc futures soften 0.67% on global cues
Action ordered against Jindal Power for ignoring norms
ADAG stocks are going to volatile: Sangeeta Purushottam
Alibaba investors beware: History not on your side
Allahabad Bank may sell stake in insurance company
Apollo Tyres scrip down over 2% on profit-booking
"Argentine markets fall post-default
Asian shares flat as investors digest Greek deal
Asset quality concerns persist for Indian Overseas Bank
AstraZeneca pegs back Britain FTSE after takeover snub
"Australian shares fall
Auto stocks under pressure as October sales disappoint
Avoid Jubilant foodworks in near future: Gaurav Mehta
"Avoid' Prestige Estates Projects IPO
Base metal drops further on sustained stockists selling
"Basmati prices fall on government's measures
Be prepared for 5-10% decline in markets: Experts
Bearish on ONGC and other OMCs: G Chokkalingam
"Bearish on tyre companies: Rajesh Kothari
BEML falls 5% as Q1 net loss widens
Best to exit Sun TV now: Deepak Mohoni
Bharat Electronics: High raw material cost impacts profitability
BHEL plunges over 4% as Q2 results disappoints
Bhushan Steel posts Rs 141.63-crore loss in Q1
Blended fuel could add to pressure on cane
Blue chip stocks trade lower than their highs
"BofA halts buybacks
Book profits in real estate sector: Harendra Kumar
Brazil logs world's worst carry trade in 2015
"Brent below $92 on weaker dollar
Brent falls after Chinese data; stays below $101
C&C Constructions Q4 net profit slips by 18%
Call rate above repo; 2023 bond yield falls
Cardamom futures decline 0.58 per cent on profit-booking
"Cardamom futures down on low demand
Cardamom futures fall 0.42 per cent on profit-booking
"CCI smells cartelisation in guar trade
Chilli futures fall 1.54 pc on sluggish demand
"China shares recoup losses on power producers
Coal India closes 2.3% down on CCI report
Commodity turnover decreases by 40.51 per cent: Report
Concerns over global growth peg back Britain FTSE
"Confused on Budget
Coriander futures down 0.83% on subdued spot demand
Coriander futures gain 0.79% on upsurge in demand
Correction in IT a little worrying: Ashwani Gujral
Costlier oilmeals not palatable to key global consumers
Credit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs; stock plunges 15%
Crude oil futures down on weak Asian cues
Crude oil futures fall 0.49% on Asian cues
Cummins reports 21% decline in Q3 net profit
Dabur India shares down nearly 5% on profit-booking
"Disappointments ahead in consumer staples
Divi Lab shares down over 4% post earnings
DLF: Reviewing $8.4 million penalty slapped by SEBI
Do not buy Capital goods stocks: Rajesh Jain
Dow has worst drop since February: What happened?
Dr Reddys Laboratories slips as Sucampo files lawsuit
Eaton faces talent exodus as key officials quit
"Edible oils fall on sluggish demand
Egypt crisis likely to keep Rupee under pressure
Emerging stocks set for second week in red
Equity markets expect tighter interest rates: Edelweiss Securities
Euro dips in Asia ahead of ECB comments
Euro falls to 22-month low against buoyant dollar
"Europe subdued
European shares edge lower after German data miss
European shares slide as Greece faces new elections
European stocks fall back as Ukraine tension grows
"European stocks slide on lower oil prices
Exide continue to remain an avoid: Vinay Khattar
Expect choppiness on Nifty to continue: Mitesh Thacker
Finolex Industries falls over 12% on weak results
Flat Nifty OI data hints at trend reversal
"FTSE edges lower
FTSE hit by falls at banks and miners
GAIL slips nearly 2% after explosion at pipeline
Genpact Q4 net declines 8.6% to $48.8 million
"Gitanjali Gems chief
Gitanjali Gems to buy DIT Group; stock down
Global coffee exports drop 8.4% in Jan: ICO
Global growth concerns trim Asia FX weekly gains
"Gold extend weakness on sluggish demand
Gold futures down 0.43% on weak global cues
"Grasim good for short selling: Deepak Mohoni
GSFC Q3 profit dips 26% on sluggish sales
"Guarseed futures decline on mounting stocks
Hedge funds hit by wrong kind of volatility
Henkel India's Q4 loss widens to Rs 18.33
Hero MotoCorp October sales declines 8%; stock down
Hexaware: Growth to remain low for another quarter
Hindalco plunges as Q1 net profit shrinks 67%
"Hong Kong benchmark off 5-month high
"Hong Kong shares end down
"Hong Kong shares fall
Icra downgrades bonds of United Bank of India
"ICRA holds negative outlook for metal
IDBI Trusteeship Services sells 3.64 lakh Geometric shares
India bond yields fall on Arun Jaitley comments
Indian rupee edges lower; state-run banks buying dollars
Institutional investors cut their exposure on Ranbaxy stock
"Intel reports lower 1Q net income
IPL troubles hit India Cements core business valuation
Jaguar Land Rover CEO David Smith steps down
Jaiprakash Associates dips over on dismal Q1 earnings
Jet Airways continues its plunge; down over 8%
Jet Airways plunge on ratings downgrade by ICRA
"Jyoti shareholders allege fraud
Kingfisher Airlines posts Rs 822 crore Q3 loss
Kotak Mahindra Bank shares fall on Macquarie downgrade
L&T likely to underperform in medium-term: Nitin Raheja
Leakgate: Sebi says probing complaints of insider trading
Low demand pulls down crude palm oil futures
Make a contra call on ITC: Hemendra Hazari
Man Infra has fallen a lot: Deepak Mohoni
Margin pressure likely to continue for Asian Paints
Markets on edge ahead of Janet Yellen testimony
MCX may be restrained from launching fresh contracts
Media stocks drag down European equities from highs
"Medium sugar drops on stockists selling
Mentha oil falls 0.58 per cent on profit-booking
Mentha oil futures remain weak on sluggish demand
More exits from Ranbaxy Laboratorie top management team
More than half of HUL analysts recommend sell
Most infra stocks are fairly valued or expensive'
Muted demand drags down chana futures by 1.17%
Muthoot Finance promoters may dilute stake by 10%
Narayana Hrudayalaya grey market premium falls by 50%
Natural rubber prices have plunged to five-year low
NFL Q2 net loss at Rs 25.90 crore
"Nickel falls 0.12% on weak demand
Nirma Q4 net loss at Rs 23.74 crore
Nothing much happening in Nucleus Software: Deepak Mohini
Oil prices down ahead of US stockpiles report
Oil prices fall after OPEC keeps production high
"Oil prices fall
Oil prices slide in poor start to week
Oil slips towards $110 as supply fears fade
OPEC does little as Brent drops under $75/bbl
Palm oil eases after Greece rejects bailout terms
Panacea to launch breast cancer drug; stock down
"Patni fundamentally very weak: Girish Pai
Petronet LNG shares slump 4.5% on broker downgrades
Polaris Q1 profit slips to Rs 43.20 cr
Potato futures fall 2.58 pc on sluggish demand
Pressure on rupee persists as geo-political woes mount
Price of molasses spikes on cane shortage fears
Pulses slide as government intensifies crackdown against hoarding
Putting target number on Wockhardt difficult: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Raw sugar deals slow down after subsidy announcement
RCOM plans to sell 5% in tower business
Recommend to be cautious with NBCC: Jagdish Malkani
Reforms unlikely to impact Coal India; stock down
"Regulatory
Retail investors hit by intra-day drop in silver
"Rupee trims initial gains
"Rupiah extends losses
Russian shares fall after heavy fighting in Ukraine
"SAIL net declines 34% to Rs 1
SAT upholds Sebi restraint on SMC Global Securities
Sebi asks Moneyworld to stop providing investment advice
Select edible oils remain weak on stockists selling
Selling range of 539-543 suggested for Educomp: www.aptartindia.com
Sensex falls 252 points on weak global cues
Sensex plunges over 426 points in global sell-off
Sensex retreats from all-time high;ends 190 points lower
Sensex turn choppy; top ten stocks in focus
Shoppers Stop net profit falls 53% in Q4
Silver futures hit four-year low on global cues
SKS Microfinance scrip tanks 5 pc on BSE
Slow Asian demand despite multi-year low gold prices
Slowing us truck sales to hit Bharat Forge
Sony plunges 8.25% on massive share sale plan
Sony shares plunge 12% on ballooning loss forecast
Speculators cut Brent long holding for third week
Sri Lankan rupee falls on importer dollar demand
SSTL Q1 net loss at Rs 316 cr
"Stay underweight on IT sector
"Stress in Indusind stock: Harendra Kumar
Subex falls as co seeks FCCB payment extension
"Sugar prices drop on sluggish demand
"Sugar remains weak on ample supply
Tax worries drag rupee to over one-month low
TCS results disappoints on revenue: 10 important takeaways
TCS: New layer to oversee verticals; stock down
Telecos under pressure as S&P raises debt concerns
There is jitteriness in the market: Ashwani Gujral
Thinksoft Global Services net declines 20% in Januray-March
Tough to curb rubber futures volatility: Expert Committee
"Trade cautiously in 500 illiquid stocks: NSE
Turmeric futures fall 1.51 pc on sluggish demand
TV stocks slump on talk of advertisement curbs
Ultratech promoters sell shares worth Rs 22 crore
Underweight on construction & infrastructure: Blackstone Asia Advisors
US crude hits five-year low on market rout
Vedanta: Shares fall 7% on mixed production update
Venezuelas vote for change has Indian pharma jittery
Venus Remedies slips over 16% post Crisil downgrade
Volkswagen scandal: Motherson Sumi Systems allays investor fears
"Wheat prices ease on adequate supply
"Wipro: Growth could be weak in FY15
"Won drops to 2-1/2-month low
Won't recommend buying into Reliance Communications: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
Yahoo shares take hit after Alibaba IPO filing
Zinc futures soften 0.67 pc on global cues
10-year bond yield off lows; weakness in rupee hurts
10-year bond yields fall on Rajan comments on inflation
10-yr bond yield stays down; Friday debt sale watched
10-yr bond yield stays down; Friday's debt sale watched
"2014 will remain challenging for Indian banks
Aberdeen CEO says bond market poses 'huge systemic risk'
Africa to weigh on Bharti Airtel's earnings near term
Airlines tumble on Paris attack as Asia stocks retreat
Amara Raja Batteries slips over 5% post Q3 results
Analysts bearish on Hindalco as Jharkhand shuts bauxite mines
Apple shares slump ahead of September 9 iPhone launch
Apple's SIM move chips away at Gemalto's share price
Ashok Leyland slips nearly 3% as April sales dip
"Asia stocks down but Japan bucks trend
Asian shares slip as China concerns trump US optimism
AstraZeneca Pharma plunges 9% as board defers delisting offer
Aviva stake buyers walk out of negotiations over valuations
Bajaj Electricals Q2 net loss at Rs 14.21 crore
Bajaj Electricals reports Rs 10.65 crore loss in Q4
Balaji Telefils has been in a downtrend: Ashwani Gujral
Balance sheet oriented news driving telecom stocks: Nitin Raheja
Balkrishna Industries plunges over 18% on poor Q2 results
Balrampur Chini reports Rs 50.76 crore loss in Q3
Bayer registers Q4 net loss of Rs 17.13 cr
"Bearish on commodity space: Taher Badshah
"Bharti Africa Q2 loss widens
BOC delisting plan fails as company misses buyout target
Bonds see biggest single-day fall in nearly 2 months
Book profits as Nifty crosses 7800 levels: Ashwani Gujral
Bosch's Q2 PAT declines 11.3% to Rs 247.5 crore
"Brent climbs towards $101
Brent drops below $87 as Fed optimism lifts dollar
Brent falls close to $69 after Saudi price cut
Brent near 13-month low below $103 on brisk supplies
"Brent steady under $109
"Britain FTSE resumes slide
Brokerages lower Nestle Indias target price on disappointing results
BSE writes to Sebi on NSE 'unfair' trade practices
Call for minimum farmgate price for Pusa 1121 rice
Carborundum Universal Ltd Q2 net falls 47.2 per cent
Cardamom futures fall 0.77 per cent on profit booking
Cardamom futures fall 0.92 per cent on sluggish demand
Care ends 8% down as share sale bids rejected
Career Point erases gains; falls 1.54 pc on BSE
Cautious on four-wheeler stocks including Maruti Suzuki: IV Subramaniam
Chambal Fertilisers may slide to 68-69 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Chilli futures down 1.53 pc on higher output hopes
"China shares snap 3 weeks of gains
China stocks close at biggest fall in two weeks
Choppy times ahead for the market: Religare Mutual Fund
Clariant Chemicals Q2 net slips to Rs 24 cr
Clariant Chemicals slips; buyback value lower than market price
"CLSA downgrades JSPL to sell
Commexe turnover drops by 59 per cent in April-August
Commodity prices will dip as super-cycle ends: Goldman Sachs
Condition not in favor of JP Associates: Deven Choksey
"Copper futures fall 0.93% on global cues
Copper softens in futures trade on weak global cues
Corporate earnings likely to remain subdued in Q2: Crisil
Crude palm oil futures remain weak on sluggish demand
"Dalal Street experts see Sensex sinking 1
Dhanlaxmi Bank posts Rs 11.8 crore loss for April-June
Dhanlaxmi Bank shares tank nearly 6% on disappointing Q3
Divestment to remain overhang on NBCC stock: Parag Thakkar
"Dollar starts week under pressure
Dollar wavers in choppy trade as risk aversion rises
Downtrend in Mundra Port not over yet: Ashwani Gujral
ECB comments prove to be a drag for euro
"Edible oils remain weak on sluggish demand
"Egypt security to keep buyers away
Escorts scrip tank 7% on weak December sales nos
Euro hits 9-month low vs dollar on German data
Exide Q4 net dips 10% at Rs 132 crore
Expect market to drift lower towards 5820: Mitesh Thacker
"Falling crude prices may adversely impact India
Food Ministry to cut down July quota of sugar
Fortis Healthcare Q1 net loss at Rs 46.8 crore
GAIL Q1 net drops 32% at Rs 424.14 crore
"Gains in crude oil limited
Galaxy Surfactants withdraws IPO a day before its closing
GMR Infrastructure hits year-low on Maldives civil court order
"Gold at three-month low on global cues
Gold declines before Fed meeting as Ukraine crisis assessed
"Gold dips below Rs 28
"Gold ends steady
"Gold steady
Gold-silver price ratio may fall as gold cools faster
"Guargum futures slip 2% on weak domestic
Gulf mixed; Dubai falls as money flows into Amlak
Hindalco Q3 net down 23% to Rs 334 crore
"Hong Kong stocks fall on clashes
HUL brews plan to open coffee shop; stock down
ICI India net decline over 80 pc in Q3
IDBI falls on S&P downgrade to below investment grade
IMFA Q3 net declines 27% to Rs 11 crore
"Infotech Enterprises Q2 net down 7%
Investor sentiment on tech goes from giddy to glum
Investors dump higher oil bets as prices fall: IntercontinentalExchange
IPO watch: Invest in Power Mech IPO with caution
ITC edges lower as Nomura downgrades stock to 'neutral'
Jaggery industry suffers due to lack of political support
Jain Irrigation head lower to 81-82 levels: Ashwani Gujral
"Jeera futures remain weak on increased supply
JGB prices fall as Greek deal boosts Japanese stocks
JGBs little changed as rebounding stocks temper safe-haven appeal
"JSW Steel reports growth in steel production
JSW Steel's crude steel production up 9%; stock down
Jump in gold price could damp demand: Trade official
Kenneth Andrade exits IDFC Mutual Fund leaving investors jittery
Kochi terminal issues may take a toll on Petronet
Kotak Mahindra Bank founders sell 3.2 per cent stake
Lack of liquidity in corporate bonds hits index funds
Lanco Infratech Q3 loss widens to Rs 616.6 crore
Levels of 15-16 coming on Ashok Leyland: Ashwani Gujral
LIC investment calls come under criticism from market participants
Maharashtra sugar co-ops in financial trouble as prices drop
Mahindra Holidays Q2 net profit drops by 35.1 pc
Margin pressure could impact construction cos' earnings: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Markets fall for 5th straight session
"Mavi Investment moves SAT to sell shares
Mentha oil futures fall over 1% on sluggish demand
MF agent's guaranteed returns to Flipkart violate Sebi norms
"Microfinance cos delay IPOs over SKS issue
"Monsoon concerns weigh on gold demand
"More lawsuits filed against Honda
More trouble for FTIL as MCX holds back payment
Moser Baer Q2 standalone loss at Rs 131.75 cr
MRF Q2 net dips 19% at Rs 171 crore
MRPL shares tank 8 pc to one-year-low on BSE
Narayana Murthy to exit HSBC Holdings board as Director
Natural gas industry near-term outlook grim on low availability
NDTV posts loss of Rs 14.84 cr for Oct-Dec
Nestle India shares down almost 2% after earnings disappoint
Nestle India slips over 1% on gross margins concerns
NFL Q2 net dips 57% to Rs 43 cr
Nifty likely to be on the downside: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty50 to face strong resistance at 8
NIIT Tech Q2 net falls 35.7% to 40.1 crore
Nikkei drops as investors grow concerned about economic prospects
"Nikkei drops as pension buying slows
"Nikkei drops as stronger yen
Not betting hugely on large cap indices: Ashwani Gujral
"Not excited about NBFC space: Gaurav Mehta
NSEL scam: Lotus Refineries chief sent in police custody
Oil hits two-year low; dollar rises ahead of Fed
Oil prices plunge after OPEC decides against output cut
"Paramount Print disappoints on debut trade
"Patni Computer profit dips 14%; plans to hire 1
Piramal Enterprises Q4 net loss at Rs 311 crore
"Poor show in domestic business
"Precious metals tumble on dollar; investors monitor China
Prism Cement reports Rs 20-crore standalone loss in July-September
"Profit booking grips Sensex
Profit-booking pulls down RIL by 2.54 pc on BSE
Promoter group pares 3.24% stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank
PSU banking stocks likely to break down: Mitesh Thacker
Ranbaxy plunges 25% in two sessions after USFDA ban
"Re stays at near 1-month low
Real estate to remain under pressure for long: IIFL
Realty stocks seem to be falling sharply: Ashwani Gujral
Regulatory concerns weighing on largecap pharma stocks: Kunj Bansal
REITs not an immediate game changer for realty mart
Return on equity bottoming but priced in: Credit Suisse
"Rolta India slips 6%
Rouble touches new 2015 low as oil price retreats
Rubber trades in bear market as China stockpiles swell
"Rupee at 60.26
Rupee fails to maintain initial gains vs US dollar
Rupee falls 8 paise against dollar in early trade
"Rupee trims initial losses
Rupee weakens to near 1-month low on Fed worries
"Russia MICEX falls below 1
Russia's largest lender sees rouble falling further in 2016
"S.Korea stocks
Salary hikes likely to impact operating margins of Wipro
SAT rejects Gillette India appeal in shareholding norms case
SBI bonds revive grey market; draw criticism from investors
SBI's first bond sale botched up on regulatory order
Sebi rejects Alka India promoter plea for waiving interest
Sebi slaps Rs 8 lakh fine on six companies
SEC probes Pimco chief Bill Gross ETF bond fund
"Select edible oils fall on sluggish demand
Sell Voltas with target of Rs 255: Sandeep Wagle
Sensex falls from days high; top 20 trading bets
Sensex falls in-line with emerging markets; feels selling pressure
Sensex under pressure; here what experts are betting on
Shanghai Composite Index reverses gains after weak manufacturing data
Shipping Corp: Weak freight rates remain a major concern
"Silver futures down 1.16% on profit-booking
Silver plunges over 2 per cent on global cues
Silver remains down in futures trade tracking global cues
Slump in Rolls-Royce after profit warning hits European shares
Slumps at Volkswagen and RSA weigh on European shares
Spicejet cracks nearly 6%; here what the management says
SpiceJet sinks over 6% despite airline talk on funds
SpiceJet's Q3 loss widens in battle to stay afloat
SSTL Q3 net loss narrows at Rs 437.9 crore
SSTL Q3 net loss widens to Rs 760 crore
Stay away from Infosys at current levels: Pramod Gubbi
Stay away from power companies for now: Deven Choksey
Steady supply keeps Brent oil below $100 a barrel
Steel stocks decline on weak China factory output data
"Suzlon: Recovery on track; costs
"Talwalkars' business model not exciting: Mayuresh Joshi
Telcos have very stretched balance sheets: : ASK Investment
Telcos pare gains as SC rejects license extension plea
Textile stocks likely to remain under pressure: Vijay Bhambwani
"Textiles: Competition
Titan cracks over 3% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala cuts stake
Tobacco stocks weigh on UK FTSE after RJR fine
Turmeric futures down 1.27 per cent on sluggish demand
Unitech net profit slips to Rs 111.36 cr;stk down
Universal Commodity Exchange suspends trading after just an year
UP sugar output drop by 10% sends ominous signals
US stocks: Wall Street ends down following UPS outlook
Volkswagen shares slump; a look at Volkswagen's emissions crisis
Wabag net profit slips despite a 34% revenue jump
Weak opening likely as JP Morgan Q4 hurt sentiment
"With 35% net drop
Won leads Asia FX losses as Fed seen hawkish
World shares at 6-month low as growth worries mount
Yuan in biggest fall since 1994 after surprise devaluation
Zylog Systems Q2 net loss at Rs 91.63 crore
10-year bond yield eases tracking fall in global oil prices
150 has been strong resistance for Everest Kanto: Sanjeev Agarwal
2G scam: DB Realty shares down on CBI probe report
"AAP effect? RIL slips below Rs 800
"ADAG stocks plummet further
Adani Powers posts lower Q3 loss at Rs 426 crore
AirAsia India trebled quarterly losses in July-September over previous year
All founders of Sequoia Capital quit to form new fund
Analyst community took long to downgrade Tata Steel: Hemindra Hazari
Analysts advise cutting longs as Nifty seen slipping to 8500-8600
"Asia shares slip on Greek default fears
Astrazeneca Pharma shares plunge over 6% ahead of board meet
"Aurobindo Pharma shares fall; company comes under USFDA lens
"Australia shares pare gains on NY Ebola case
"Australian shares down from 1-month highs
Aviation turbine fuel: Dollar hits where it hurts the most
Bank Nifty unlikely to rally in short term: Mitesh Thacker
BEML Q3 net dips 21 pc to Rs 46 cr
BHEL's run-up on bourses amid the slump is probably overdone
"Bond yield slips below repo
"Bond yields edge down at open
Bonds yields ease on renewed risk aversion in global markets
Brent crude drops below $98; weak demand outweighs geopolitical worries
"Brent falls towards $85 amid supply glut
Brent slips below $72 after sharp rally in volatile market
Britain FTSE falls as concern grows over violence in Iraq
Britain FTSE touches 12-month low as global growth concerns gnaw
Carborundum Universal Q1 net down 25% at Rs 28.78 crore
"Cardamom futures extend losses
Carl Icahn says his firm sold remainder of Netflix stake
Caution advised for Tata Elxsi at current levels: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
CBI examines ex-Sebi chairman C B Bhave in MCX case
Central Bank October-December net declines 66% to Rs 62 crore
Chennai Petro cracks 15% after posting net losses in Q2
"China yuan falls
China yuan retreats from near 5-month high versus US dollar
Citigroup downgrades Maruti Suzuki to 'neutral' from 'buy' citing valuations
Coal India falls; offtake adjusted for power demand worries investors
Colgate Palmolive Q1 net down 27.16% at Rs 134.91 crore
"Copper weakens in futures trade on global cues
Corporation Bank Q3 profit dips 58% to Rs 127 crore
"Court issues fresh summons to Sahara
Court may soon appoint liquidator in NSEL case: Police officials
Crude palm oil futures weaken by 0.17% on low demand
"Cut long positions if Nifty50 falls below 7
Dabur falls as reports name ex-Director in black money list
"Dalmia Cement may sell stake to raise Rs 1
"Day after stake sale
Dhanuka Agritech Q2 net down 9% at Rs 37.72 crore
Diamond sales in domestic market remains flat despite regulatory measures
Difficult for Apollo Tyres to cross 66-67 levels: Mitesh Thacker
DLF falls 5%; BSE removes stock from Group A category
Dollar under pressure after shake out of crowded bullish positions
"Ebbing global cues
EGoM could be slightly negative for telecom sector: Prashasta Seth
EID Parry Q4 net profit dips by 45 per cent
Emami slumps 6% post 33% decline in Q2 net profits
Empee Distilleries reports Q3 net loss at Rs 2.47 crore
Energy shares drag on Wall Street as crude prices fall
"Essar Oil slumps 6.4 per cent
"Euro heads towards 9-month lows
European shares dip after ECB rally; eyes on US payrolls
European shares sink to 3-1/2 month low in broad sell-off
"Exclusion from F&O
"Expect market volatility to continue: Arindam Ghosh
Eyes on euro zone inflation after Fed tempers dollar rally
Farmers in distress as rubber prices languish at 5-year low
FII buying in V-Mart Retail crosses limit; no further purchase
Forex reserves slip $ 500 million to $ 293.97 billion
Fortis Healthcare to transfer land assets to REIT; stock down
Friday redux: US stocks fall in final hour of trading
Gitanjali Gems Q3 Net declines 70.6% at Rs 50.46 cr
GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q2 Net down 14.56% to Rs 98.29 crore
"Global oil prices slide
Global weakness turned markets towards a flat day: Ashwani Gujral
GMDC Q3 net 4.71 pc down at Rs 71.19 cr
GMR Infrastructure Q1 net loss shrinks to Rs 429 crore
Godrej Consumer Q4 net down 29.28% at Rs 236.28 crore
"Gold dips for sixth day on sustained selling
Gold down as dollar rises on US rate hike talk
"Gold holds steady below $1
"Gold steadies near $1
Goldman Sachs remains underweight on commodities for next 12 months
"Government sells 9% stake in Axis Bank
Grasim Industries Q4 net declines 16.92% to Rs 679.27 crore
GSPC likely to postpone IPO as merchant bankers advise caution
"GST
GVK Power reports Rs 64.30 crore net loss in Q1
Haitong Securities shares fall 10 per cent after trading resumes
HCL Technologies slips over 1% on weak October-December quarter outlook
"HDFC is down on subdued banking space: Pankaj Pandey
HDIL MD Sarang Wadhawan sells 26 lakh shares of company
HDIL Q4 net profit down 72% at Rs 31.89 crore
Heidelberg Cement India Q1 net loss at Rs 8 crore
Hero MotoCorp replaces HUL as JPMorgan top stock to avoid
Hexawares stock falls 6% as profit growth comes under pressure
High valuations keeping investors away from FMCG counters: Deven Choksey
Higher supply pulls down crude palm oil at futures trade
"Hindalco clocks 37% dip in net to Rs 2
HMT plunges 10% as government decides to shutdown sick PSUs
Hong Kong main share index ends lower in weak volumes
Housing finance cos stocks valuations not very attractive: Angel Broking
HOV Services investors oppose stake sale in US based company
I don't see strong momentum in CNX IT: Mitesh Thacker
IFCI slips over 14% after govt raises stake to 55.57%
India bond yields edge lower at open on bargain buying
Inflation & corporate governance biggest market worries: Blackstone Asia Advisors
International Energy Agency sees bear oil market as stocks balloon
IOB Q3 net dips 73.81 pc to Rs 101.70 cr
IPCA slips over 2% as July-September profit lags some estimates
IRB Infrastructure Q4 net down 28% to Rs 109 crore
IT companies may not enjoy the rupee edge for long
IT stocks drag Sensex lower; top ten stocks in focus
J M Financial consolidated net profit down 15 per cent
Jammu and Kashmir Bank falls on weak December quarterly earnings
Jewellery stocks under pressure; down up to 3.5 per cent
Jindal Steel will decline with other commodity stocks: Ashwani Gujral
JSPL shares slump over 10% amid reports of bids rejection
Jubilant FoodWorks slips 4% as FII holding hits trigger limit
Kaveri Seed slips nearly 3% as promoters plan stake sale
Kerala government's subsidy skids off track as rubber prices fall
Lack of clarity on raw sugar exports vexes mill owners
"Liquidity overhang hits SBI margin
LKP Merchant Financing sells Kingfisher shares worth Rs 7 crore
Lloyds Steel Q1 net loss widens at Rs 31.57 crore
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial's prospects don't look promising: Mayuresh Joshi
"Maintain a sell call on Bank Nifty
Malaysia Airlines shares fall 18 per cent after latest disaster
Mandarin Oriental in in talks with Oberoi Realty; stock down
Mangalore Chemicals shares tank over 9% on stake sale reports
"Markets remain choppy
Max India posts Q4 net loss at Rs 13.47 cr
"MindTree ends 4% lower on weak Q4 outlook
Mindtree Q4 net profit falls 8.6% at Rs 129 crore
Mining stocks down as iron ore hits 5-1/2 year low
Monsanto India posts Rs 26 crore loss in September quarter
"Monsoon fears
MSCI faces opposition to China inclusion in key index: Sources
Mundra Port may not get past 155 levels: Ashwani Gujral
National Fertilizers Q2 profit down 12% at Rs 54 crore
Natural rubber: Dull demand unlikely to help upturn in prices
"NBCC on disinvestment radar this fiscal
NDTV Q2 consolidated net loss at Rs Rs 15.26 crore
"Negative on Tata Motors: Ambareesh Baliga
New Companies Act may hurt non-banking finance companies bond sales
NHPC Q2 net profit drops 9.67% to Rs 707.58 crore
Nikkei extends losses into fourth day on yen's sudden revival
Nikkei falls to 1-week low as Japan recession spooks market
No relief for Ranbaxy in the near term: Five facts
"North America puts its drilling projects on hold
Northern Trust sells Satyam Computer shares worth Rs 84 crore
"Oil dives to new depths
Omaxe Q3 net down by 20.7% to Rs 22.57 crore
"OMC space not a favourite: Vetri Subramaniam
Oracle Financial Services Software gains; Q1 net profit falls 16%
Parsvnath Q3 net profit falls 39% to Rs 11 crore
Pipavav Defence tanks as open offer price lower than CMP
Polaris can be a little volatile both ways: Deepak Mohoni
Radico Khaitan Q2 net down 21.48% at Rs 17.32 crore
Radico Khaitan Q4 net down 36.98% at Rs 9.9 crore
Rallis India shares tumble over 9% on weak Q2 results
Ranbaxy net loss at Rs 73.6 crore in Jan-Mar quarter
RBI's steps to curb rupee fall spook markets: Tirthankar Patnaik
Restructured asset to post challenges for PSU banks: Pankaj Pandey
Rupee off highs on suspected Reserve Bank of India intervention
Rupee sees biggest single-day fall in a month; FM awaited
Sadbhav Engineering Q2 Net declines 64% to Rs 10.13 crore
Sebi imposes Rs 26 lakh penalty on Safari Industries promoters
Securities Appellate Tribunal backs Sebi order against Usha India Ltd
Sell ACC Ltd with target of Rs 1370: Sandeep Wagle
"Sell HDFC with a target of Rs 1
SELL IOC with a target of Rs 178: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Ranbaxy with target price of Rs 342: Ashwani Gujral
Sell TCS with a target of Rs 2400: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Voltas with a target of Rs 149: Prakash Gaba
Sensex cracks over 100 points; Top ten stocks in focus
Shoppers Stop Q2 net drops 19% to Rs 13 crore
"Sistema's fourth quarter net loss widens on costs
"South Korean stocks fall on profit-taking
Spike in yellow metal prices hits traders of paper gold
SREI Infra slumps on low valuation of American Tower-Viom deal
SSTL net loss widens to Rs 391 cr in Q1
SSTL Q4 net loss significantly narrows at Rs 445 cr
"Stay away from construction sector: Mehraboon Irani
Stay out of Hindustan Copper at the moment: Ashit Suri
Sterling edges down on dovish BoE comments; eyes on Fed
"Sterling hits 2-month low
Sterlite Industries plunges as TNPCB orders closure of smelter plant
Syndicate Bank Q2 Net declines 33% to Rs 315 crore
"Talwalkars rallies 14%
"TBWA India announces top management changes
Telcos weighed down due to ongoing spectrum auctions: Deven Choksey
Temptation Foods Q3 net declines 55.53% at Rs 7.87 cr
"Tepid response to Hrudayalaya IPO
Tough for Godrej Properties to cross Rs 680-685: Mitesh Thacker
"Tough times ahead for investors: Arvind Sanger
TPG keen to sell balance 10% in Shriram Transport Finance
Trading firms raised early concerns about Barclays' dark pool: Reports
"Turmeric futures fall 2% on fall in demand
U.S. billionaire Wilbur Ross cashes out Bank of Ireland stake
Unitech plunges as CBI begins fresh probe in 2G case
Unitech Q2 net profit down 48% at Rs 25.57 crore
United Spirits Q3 net declines 19% at Rs 65 cr
Unusual trades in December series Nifty options under Sebi lens
US dollar softens as traders look to ECB policy meeting
Valuations have been fairly expensive in Pharma sector: IV Subramaniam
Videocon Industries Q4 Net down 47% at Rs 86.42 crore
Videocon Telecom Q2 operating loss narrows to Rs 47 crore
Vijaya Bank Q4 net dips 29% to Rs 97 crore
V-Mart Q4 net profit declines marginally to Rs 1.09 crore
Volatility higher but fall in contract value hits gold turnover
Voltas Q3 down 19.38 per cent at Rs 61.92 crore
Wagon supply delay drags Texmaco into Rs 3.5 crore loss
Warren Buffett cuts Tesco stake to below 3 per cent
Wipro comes under tax surveillance for 'Body shopping'; stock falls
Wockhardt's stock plummets 8% today; not an opportunity to buy
Would not take a position on the Nifty: Deepak Mohoni
Yes Bank may find it tough to grow retail biz
Zenotech Laboratories Q3 net loss widens to Rs 3.75 cr
Zensar Q2 Net declines by 4.7% at Rs 67.31 crore
Zuari Agro Chemicals reports Rs 98 crore loss in Q1
10-year yield edges down on value buying; sale papers in line
10-year yield to fall to 8-8.25% after FII limit rejig: BofA
"2G auction: Telecom stocks seen correcting
5-year OIS rate at 16-month low on early rate cut hopes
7 Pantaloon Retail promoters sell 25L DVR shares for Rs 71cr
Adani Enterprises Q3 net profit declines 84% to Rs 68 crore
"All action on 30 stocks in Sensex
"Amtek Auto effect: Investor confidence dampens
Anant Raj Industries will face resistance around 110-120 levels: Rohit Shinde
Apple's stock dips over 4% as concerns mount about iPhone shipments
Ashiana Housing Q1 Net falls 17 pc to Rs 7.97 crore
Aurobindo Pharma Q1 net loss widens 4.97% at Rs 128.91 crore
Australia shares close lower for fourth session but recover from lows
Australia shares fall as investors take profits after weeks of gains
Avoid Infrastructure stocks until the problems are solved: P Phani Sekhar
Bad loans widens Dhanlaxmi Bank Oct-Dec loss to Rs 119 crore
Barclays expects gold prices to struggle as Fed plans rate hike
Be cautious as far as M&M Finance is concerned: Dipan Mehta
"Bharati Shipyard's Q3 net profit down 30%
Bharti's investors may have to get ready for a long haul
BJP manifesto fails to lift Street; Sensex records triple digit cut
Brent crude oil slips towards $92 on weak German industrial data
"Brent falls below $103 on higher Libyan output
Bullion sinks to lowest in 15 months on robust US data
Buying metal stocks tend to be fairly risky: Nine Rivers Capital
"Castorseed futures slip 2.41 per cent to Rs 4
Central Bank December qtr net falls 65% to Rs 62 crore
CESC Q4 net down 5 per cent to Rs 243 crore
Chilli teja futures down 1.55 per cent on muted spot demand
"China yuan hits 4-1/2-month high
Chinese insurers banned from demanding repayment from brokerages ahead of deadline
CIL IPO reminds of betrayal; Balco workers yet to get shares
"Citic Securities urges China's central bank to cut rates
Claris promoter sells 12 lakh shares for over Rs 23 crore
CNX IT nearing 9200 could put pressure on Nifty: Mitesh Thacker
Commodities brace for more woe ahead of US Federal rate decision
Commodities pare $40 billion of hedge funds' wealth since 2008: Report
Crisil net profit declines to Rs 49.57 cr in March quarter
Crude palm oil futures soften 0.58 per cent on sluggish demand
"Daiichi Sankyo's $3.6 billion exit from Sun Pharma hits rupee
Den Networks extends fall as CEO resigns; stock down over 9%
Den Networks Q2 down 28.24 per cent at Rs 11.18 crore
"Difficult to predict anything in power sector: Deepak Shenoy
Disturbance in Saudi oil space can cause market fall: Ambit Capital
DLF seeks interim relief from capital market ban; stock in red
Don't get into midcaps which are making 52-week lows.: Ashwani Gujral
Don't recommend buying in IT space at current levels: Sandip Sabharwal
Dwarikesh Sugar posts net loss of Rs 23 crore in Q4
Elder Pharma hits year low on reports of I-T dept raid
Essar Shipping falls 2.5% as delisting price at discount to CMP
Euro falls to 19-month low versus Swiss franc on easing bets
Euro flat in Asia after drop on ECB easing plan reports
"Euro slides to 3-month low on German data
Euro to fall below parity with dollar by 2017: Deutsche Bank
Euro zone bond yields fall as markets refocus on QE prospects
Exit from Suzlon as the stock has gone down: Rajat Bose
Experts expect rupee to fall against dollar despite Moodys rate lift
Exporters worry as rupee breaks free; further strengthening could spook exporters
"Facing a Rs 2
Falling knives and dead cats: When will the oil slump end?
"FIIs concerned about policy paralysis post elections: Anup Bagchi
Financial Technologies slips 20% after government  orders merger with NSEL
"For Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals
"For OMCs
Foreign bank profits suffer decline in FY14; Citibank bucks the trend
FTIL drags Forward Markets Commission to court over amended shareholding norms
Fuel & debt woes may blow out power company stocks gains
Funds in a bind as Sebi acts tough on minimum capital
Future Capital FY'11 net profit down 26% at Rs 44.15 crore
"Global cues making Sensex move
Goa Carbon Ltd posts Rs 670.89 lakh net loss in Q1
Gold at 2-week low on easing of import curbs by RBI
"Gold demand falls in Q2 as jewellery
Gold drops to 3-week low after Fed optimism over US economy
Gold offtake slows as consumers expect price correction despite global uptrend
Gold prices fall over 1% to new 8-month lows after FOMC
"Gold treads water below $1
"Gold tumbles by Rs 340 on fall in demand
Greaves Cotton reports net loss of Rs 7.98 crore in Q2
"Growth fears weigh on major shares
Hathway Cable slides 4% as Macquarie Bank cuts stake by 2/3rd
"Have a sell call on Moser Baer: Kunal Saraogi
HCL Infosystems shares slump 10% as March quarter net loss widens
Heavy selling leads to plunge in spot and future sugar prices
Hero MotoCorp reverse losses of nearly 2%; Q3 results below estimates
"Hong Kong shares end down
Hong Kong shares post biggest daily loss in over 7 months
"ICRA places SMILE Microfinance on ratings watch
IiAS tells Maruti's institutional holders to oppose Suzukis's proposed Gujarat plant
IMFA Q1 net drops 64% on lower demand for ferro alloys
Imported Apple prices crash in domestic market due to huge imports
"In short term
India Cements posts Rs 31 crore net loss in January-March quarter
"India love affair with gold may be over
Indian Hotels Company Q1 net loss widens to Rs 34.82 cr
"Indicators pointing downwards
IndusInd Bank shares fall over four per cent on RBI move
IndusInd Bank slips over 2% as FII investments reach trigger limit
Infosys marginally in red as BPO unit sacks CFO Abraham Mathews
Infra stocks to be dead for next 6-8 months: Ashwani Gujral
Insecticides India Q2 Net declines 12.73 pc to Rs 13.84 crore
IRB Infra Q2 net profit down 12% at Rs 107 crore
"IVRCL: Debt pile
Jaypee Infratech Q1 net profit down 11.71% to Rs 209.94 cr
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals stock tanks on brand sale to J&J
JSW Steel standalone net profit at Rs 2011 cr; stock down
Jubilant FoodWorks Q3 Net declines 10.9 pc to Rs 33.59 cr
KEC International Q3 net profit down 35% to Rs 19.15 crore
Lanco Infratech shares tank almost 10 per cent on disappointing results
LIC reduces stake in Tata Chemicals by over 2 per cent
"Liquor stocks hit on Bihar alcohol ban
Lloyds loses attempt to buy back bonds and save $1.5 billion
London copper eyes biggest weekly loss in more than three years
"Lot of negativity in Telecom stocks: Vikas Khemani
Lupin Q2 net dips 35 per cent to Rs 409 crore
Mahindra & Mahindra Q2 PAT down 4.33% at Rs 946.63 crore
Malaysian palm oil snaps 5-day decline but China outlook caps gains
"Marginally bearish on Nifty
Market participants being cautious on Infosys ahead of earnings: Deven Choksey
Markets may be choppy for the next few days: Mitesh Thacker
MindTree falls nearly 7% as Q3 PAT falls short of expectations
"Momentum broken
"Most Asian shares slip on anxiety over Iraq
"MphasiS nose dives by 27 pc on weak numbers
Mundra Port's net profit up at Rs 228.46 cr; stock down
Nagarjuna Construction Company net profit declines 35 per cent in April-June
Narendra Modi as prime minister not good news for IT stocks
"Negative on entire commodity space: Dipan Mehta
NFL stock tanks 5%; issue subscribed 24 pc in early trade
NHPC Q3 net profit drops about 17% to Rs 259.35 crore
NIfty once again fails to get pass 6350 mark: Mitesh Thacker
"Nifty50 in no-trade zone
Nikkei edges down as cyclical shares sold; trading thin before events
Nikkei ends lower in subdued holiday trade; posts 4th weekly drops
NSE to shift stocks of 47 firms to restricted trading segment
NSEL scam unfolds: The forces that caused Jignesh Shah's abrupt arrest
Nucleus Software Q1 Net down 9 pc to Rs 11.16 cr
"Oct jinx: CIL issue sucks out liquidity
Oil prices at a 13-month low; slips to $102 per barrel
"Only across-the-board profit-taking can bring Nifty down: Sanjay Dutt
Outlook to remain negative till Nifty regains 8010 levels: Mitesh Thacker
Panic reaction in metal stocks after China rate cuts: Jagdish Malkani
PNB Q2 net profit down 52%; shares come under selling pressure
"PNB shares settle down 1.79%; m-cap erodes by Rs 1
Prism Cement reports Rs 62.34 crore net loss in Oct-Dec quarter
Profit of Sensex firms likely to fall 3.7% in Q2: BofA-ML
Proxy advisory company SES tells Wyeth investors to oppose Pfizer merger
PSB stocks may find no taker despite cheap valuations: Dipen Sheth
PTC India Fin plunges on disappointing Q4 results; ends 19% down
Punj Lloyd shares slump nearly 14% after Q2 net loss widens
"QE fears resurface
Record rally in midcap stocks may be heading towards a crash
Refined soya oil futures drop 0.23 per cent on subdued demand
Refined soya oil remains weak in futures trade on low demand
Regulatory issues remain to be a major impediment for Vedanta Group
REI Agro slumps over 6% on media report about RBI queries
Reliance Infra Q3 PAT seen down 31% at Rs 337 crore
Rolta slumps over 14% after Glaucus Research recommends a 'strong sell'
Russia's Sistema down 7.6 per cent after Yevtushenkov house arrest ruling
Sebi slaps Rs 42.50cr fine on 21 entities for fraudulent trade
Sell Adani Power with a target of Rs 44: Prakash Gaba
Sell Allahabad Bank with stop loss of Rs 131: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Arvind Ltd with target price of Rs 168: Ashwani Gujral
Sell CNX IT with a target of Rs 9650: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Crompton Greaves with target price of Rs 192: Vijay Bhambwani
Sell Divis Lab with a target of Rs 1305: Sandeep Wagle
Sell DLF Ltd with target price of Rs 158: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Dr. Reddys with stop loss of Rs 3192: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Glenmark with a stop loss of Rs 731: Vijay Bhambwani
Sell HUL Ltd with target price of Rs 535: Mitesh Thacker
Sell ICICI Bank with a target of Rs 1390: Sandeep Wagle
Sell JSPL at a stop loss of Rs 290: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Lupin Ltd with target price of Rs 853: Mitesh Thacker
Sell PNB with target price of Rs 490 : Ashwani Gujral
Sell TVS Motors with stop loss of Rs 251: Sandeep Wagle
Sensex plunges 400 points; over 70 stocks hit fresh 52-week lows
"Sensex sinking to 20K: Blame the US
Shift from large caps to midcaps for near term: Ashwani Gujral
SKS shares plunge 15 pc to slip below IPO issue price
Southeast Asian stocks falls as Singapore index touched a four-month low
"Spike in government bond yield temporary
Stay away from PSU banks until reforms kick in: Nitin Raheja
Sterling near 4-week low vs euro ahead of UK inflation data
Sterling slips from Monday peak as inflation data dents rate expectations
Stop depending on rating cos for risk assessment: Sebi to MFs
Suzlon slips 10% as auditors raise red flag on companys operations
Syndicate Bank profit drops by 31% in Q4 on NPA provisions
TAKE Solutions slips 3% on revenue loss due to Chennai floods
Top five reasons why Deutsche Bank cut Indian markets to 'neutral'
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Q2 net plunges 82% to Rs 3.51 crore
Tulip Telecom shares hit lower circuit; down 20% in 4 sessions
"Turkey stocks tumble 6%
TVS Motors: Slowdown in the two-wheeler industry hits revenues and margins
Uninor narrows operating loss to Rs 107 cr in Apr-Jun quarter
"Unseasonal rains
"US oil dives below $100 on Kansas refinery outage
Vegetable oil import may touch new record at 12.3 milllion tonnes
Voltas shares slump 6% as top brokerages downgrade on earnings concern
VW hits 4-year low as diesel emissions fallout spreads to France
Whirlpool of India Q2 net down 7% to Rs 37.60 crore
Wipro can slide down to levels closer to 555: Prakash Gaba
Wockhardt Q4 Net plunges 78 per cent to Rs 74.45 crore
You can sell Bank Nifty March Futures around 9950: Rajat Bose
10-yr bond yield may not go below 8.70 per cent: IDBI Bank
3 promoters sell 54 lakh DB Corp shares for Rs 159.57 crore
4200 levels for Nifty not unlikely in couple of weeks: Ashwani Gujral
5 reasons why bears are running riot as Sensex shrivels 500 points
7800 levels will act as a stiff resistance for Nifty: Sandeep Wagle
"AAP may decimate Congress
"Africa operations taking a toll on Bharti's earnings
"After sprinting for a decade
Amtek Auto cracks as company's June quarter loss nearly doubles on year
"Angel investors
"Any dip in IT stocks
"As Danish bond market dries up
"As oil slides fast to near 7-year low
Asset quality concerns to keep weighing on PSU banking stocks: Pankaj Pandey
"Australia shares drop to 5-week low on Wall Street fall
Auto sales will continue to remain lacklusture for some months: Prashasta Seth
Axis Bank slips over 3% as SUUTI plans to offload 9% stake
Bata India Q2 net down 4.14 per cent at Rs 59.37 crore
BlackRock ETFs near $1 trillion as it loses market share to Vanguard
Brent's premium to Dubai crude falls to lowest in nearly 4 years
Ceat drops by over 6 pc on BSE after disappointing FY11 nos
"Central Bank of India extends poor show
China yuan falls to two-month lows as central bank sets weaker midpoint
"Coca-Cola loses fizz
Commexes turnover in first fortnight of Nov dip by 65 per cent
Core Projects Q3 net profit dips by 21% to Rs 24.43 cr
Crash in crude prices:  Sectors and stocks that will be affected
Crude palm oil futures soften by 0.16 per cent on sluggish demand
Dewan Housing slips over 3% on fund raising plan via share sale
Diageo and BAE fall as UK's FTSE backs off from record high
DLF balance sheet does not give a very encouraging picture: Mayuresh Joshi
"Dollar stands tall as euro hit by economic gloom
"Don't buy into telecom stocks
"Double whammy for BHEL: Project delays
Dr Reddy Q3 PAT grows 70% to Rs 618 crore; stock down
EIL files draft prospectus with Sebi to sell 10% stake via FPO
Eros Media plunges 9% over alleged overstatement of revenues by parent co
Errors in prospectus: Coal India gives investors exit option until Oct 25
Eveready Industries Q2 Net down 22 per cent at Rs 13.80 crore
"Expect market to be edgy and volatile in October: Arindam Ghosh
GAIL slips nearly 5% as CLSA downgrades it to 'sell' from 'outperform'
GMDC standalone net profit falls to Rs 82 crore in December quarter
GMR Infrastructure net loss widens to Rs 610 crore for September quarter
Go short on Bank Nifty as it still looks weak: Mitesh Thacker
"Gold down 1 per cent
Gold stuck near 7-1/2 month low; set for worst week since May
"Gold trades near 4-month low before European Central Bank decision
Gold's longest run in a year ends as US inflation picks up
GSFC Q3 net profit down 26 per cent at Rs 101.20 crore
GVK Power & Infra posts Q1 net loss of Rs 281.34 crore
Hedge funds give up betting on oil as prices continue to tumble
"Hong Kong shares fall on weak global markets
Hong Kong shares snap 3 days of losses as global outlook improves
"HPCL tanks nearly 8% post Q2; Rs 2
HSIL falls nearly 4% after approving QIP at discount to floor price
IDBI Bank plunges as CBI registers inquiry against loan to Kingfisher Airlines
IDFC Ltd April-June net down 13 per cent at Rs 449 crore
Improvement required in balance sheets of real estate cos: Birla Sun life
"India VIX loses steam
Indo Rama Synthetics posts net loss of Rs 26 cr in Q1
Infosys ends 3% down; global brokerages raise target price post Q1 results
Infosys may report sharp 11.3% drop in net profit for June quarter
"Infra stocks will remain under some pressure: Dhiraj Agarwal
Investors can give a miss to edible oil company NCML Industrie IPO
"IOB drops on RBI action; steps not to impact earnings
"IPO market lacklustre; no exciting issues lined up: Pramod Gubbi
IRB Infrastructure Q3 net profit down 24 pc at Rs 109 crore
Iron ore upswing may not last as China mulls raise in output
"IT stocks also crack
JLR plants unrest could be near-term negative for Tata Motors: Goldman Sachs
Listed firms need to explain delay in disclosure beyond 24 hours: Sebi
Masala bonds not spicy enough for the market due to poor pricing
MOIL Q1 net profit down 8.74 per cent at Rs 99.41 crore
NIIT Technologies slips over 8% as Q2 falls to Rs 40.10 crore
"Not very bullish on sugar stocks: Fayeza Hafizee
"Novartis tanks 7%
Orchid Chemical can be sold with a target of 290: Ashwani Gujral
Overall condition do not look that compelling for banks: Nine Rivers Capital
Panacea Biotec slips as Q1 net loss widens to Rs 37 crore
Platinum poised for worst quarter in 7 years on Volkswagen emissions scandal
Polaris Financial Technology slips over 21% as the stock goes ex-demerger today
"Prakash Industries slumps 20% in intraday deals on CARE downgrade
Providence may sell 25 per cent stake in Idea Cellular; stock slips
"QE cut by $20 bn
Rail stocks fail to pick up steam ahead of railway budget 2015
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala's sale of holdings in Praj Industries surprise many on D-Street
Revenue and profit growth to remain subdued for India Inc in Q4
Rupee falls 14 paise  to 61.88 against dollar in early trade
Rupee falls 31 paise vs US dollar to one-week low of 61.41
"Rupee sees worst week in four months
"Rupee tumbles to over 7-month low
Rupee weakens in line with Asia as US Federal Reserve seen hawkish
S Korean shares fall to 5-week low on oil plunge; won firmer
S Korean shares pare losses after dipping to 2-month low; won firmer
Sanofi India Q4 net down 44.22 per cent at Rs 51.7 crore
SBI plunges more than 2% as Q3 net profit declines by 34%
"Sectors
Securities Appellate Tribunal will hear RIL's plea against Sebi on June 14
Sell Asian Paints Ltd with target price of Rs 450: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Bank of Baroda with target price of Rs 500: Ashwani Gujral
Sell Cairn India Ltd. with stop loss around Rs 257: Prakash Gaba
Sell Canara Bank with a stop loss of Rs 392: Prakash Gaba
SELL Exide Industries Ltd with a target of Rs 113: Mitesh Thacker
Sell HDIL Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 86: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Hindustan Unilever with a stop loss of Rs 731: Mitesh Thacker
Sell Lupin Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 1360: Mitesh Thacker
Sell NMDC Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 153: Ashwani Gujral
Sell SKS Microfinance Ltd with a target of Rs 421: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Sun TV Ltd with target price of Rs 324: Sandeep Wagle
Sell Tata Steel with a stop loss of Rs 397: Prakash Gaba
Sell Tata Steel with a stop loss of Rs 538: Sandeep Wagle
Sell United Spirits at a stop loss of Rs 2390: Mitesh Thacker
Sell ZEE Entertainment Ltd with target price of Rs 255: Mitesh Thacker
Sensex loses 305 points: Is it the start of a market meltdown?
Short-term uncertainties back; look at pharma stocks as long-term bets: Kunj Bansal
"Siemens to delist in London and Zurich
SKF India Q2 net profit down 2 pc at Rs 46 cr
Somany Ceramics drops 7% as firm sets QIP floor price at discount
Sun Pharma tanks nearly 9% in two sessions on USFDA import alert
Supply of government bonds chokes growth of corporate bonds: RBI Deputy Governor
Tara Jewels Q2 net dips by 29 pc to Rs 11.03 crore
"T-Bill volatility a warning shot to investors
Tea production falls by 1.3 pc to 966.4 million kgs in 2010
"Tech Mahindra slips nearly 6% as Q1 profit
"Tough week ahead for the markets: Dipan Mehta
TTK Prestige Q1 net down 17 per cent to Rs 22 crore
TTK Prestige Q4 Net down 6.49 per cent to Rs 26.21 crore
USL shares down 2% as co seeks shareholders' nod to report sick
Vishal Retail Q4 loss widens by 12 pc to Rs 129 cr
Volatility of earnings stream is lower in large cap IT: Prateek Agarwal
"Won leads Asia FX slide as volatile China stocks
Zee Entertainment Q1 net down 6.26 per cent at Rs 210.57 crore
Zee Media Corporation Ltd Q2 net loss widens to Rs 16.97 crore
Zydus Wellness Q1 net down 25 per cent at Rs 17 crore
"8
Abbott India Q2 net profit down 3 per cent at Rs 61.70 crore
"Against the odds
AI registers loss of Rs 1791 cr in 1st quarter of this fiscal
AirAsia shares falls as much as 7 per cent after reporting Q3 losses
Amtek Auto fallout: Are rating agencies slow to raise alarm on possible defaults?
An error in updating shareholding pattern costs Tata group firm Rs 2.28 lakh
Apple's Tanking: Here's what a 1-point move in Apple does to the Dow
Arvind Pvt Ltd. net profits tanks by 49% on account of exceptional expenses
"Asset quality issues will continue to haunt PSU banks: IV Subramaniam
August gold declines after rising to four-month high on lack of duty cut
Bain Capital raises $115 million through Hero share sale; exits with 2x return
Banks a bit dicey; exercise caution and be stock specific: Daljeet Singh Kohli
Banks sitting on big losses; hopefully it just a one-time loss: Hemindra Hazari
Banks tank as RBI moves to introduce new methodology for base rate calculation
Beaten down IT stocks stage a pullback ahead of Infosys results on Tuesday
"Bill Gross sees US stocks falling 10%
BNP Paribas to suspend some US dollar-clearing for one year: New York regulator
"Brent falls to 27-month low
Brent's premium to Dubai crude falls to lowest in more than 3 months
"Bulls run for cover: Sensex plunges over 860 points on oil
CARE Ratings initiates process to offload PSU bank's stake in the company: Sources
"Cement consumption unlikely to increase in near term: Prateek Agarwal
"Cipla plunges over 8% as Q3 profit lags estimates
Commodities to see first drop in 5 years as sugar to nickel fall
"Cyient Q1 revenue drops 2.6% as Rangson Electronics orders deferred
"Demand for corporate bonds falls 36% in June on monsoon worries
"DLF's ratings likely to fall post ban
Do not recommend entering in oil marketing space at this level: Phani Sekhar
"Dont be surprised to see rupee fall to 70 per dollar
Euro down as euro zone PMI eyed after China survey fails to excite
"Euro struggles near 1-year low on weak German data
Expect a 3-4% dip in Bank Nifty before fresh levels breakout: Mitesh Thacker
Fresh entry into L&T at these levels may be too risky: Jagannadham Thunuguntla
"Govt disallows ads on mobile
"HCL Technologies down nearly 3% post Q4 results
HDIL Q2 net profit down 70% at Rs 42.7 crore; income up 66%
Hikal Q1 net down 66% to Rs 5 crore due to forex loss
"Hong Kong shares fall to 3-mth low on pro-democracy protests
Hyundai Motor shares slide to lowest in over 4 years after US fine
ICICI Bank Q2 PAT grows 15.1% YoY; stock slips on asset quality concerns
IHCL Q3 FY 10 profit dips over 22 pc at Rs 64.88 crore
Infra project may take a hit when interest rate go up: Avendus Capital
International business likely to weigh on Bharti Airtel for some time: Nitin Raheja
Iran drops crude price to 3-year low in fight for Asia market share
ITC Q4 PAT rises 18% at Rs 2278 crore; stock ends in red
Kingfisher Airlines shares tank 5 pc on buzz CEO Sanjay Aggarwal has quit
"Limited room left for further upside
"Lot of money cannot be put in energy: Rajan Malik
"Mandhana
Margin calls in mid & small-caps pull indices Down; Sensex falls 323 points
Minority shareholders of Nirma shocked over fresh exit offer of Rs 225/ share
MphasiS Q1 net profit declines 2 per cent  to Rs 180.6 crore
MphasiS will take a good beating down on the HP front: Avinash Gorakshekar
"Narayana Murthy effect: Infosys volatility falls below 40%
"Nikkei posts biggest drop in 3 weeks
Not a good idea to buy REI Agro for the long-term: Deepak Mohoni
Organic growth for TechM unlikely to pick up in next 2-3 quarters: Sabharwal
"Outlook for most defence stocks not sunny: G Chokkalingam
Over 30 entities under Sebi lens for unusual trading activities on May 16
Paper stocks like BILT do not make very exciting tradable bets: Vijay Bhambwani
Profit booking by institutions may have triggered steep fall in Vakrangee: Ambareesh Baliga.
Put a stop loss on metals just below previous week lows: Devang Visaria
PVR down on sale of Phoenix Mills property for over Rs 100 crore
Renuka Sugars ends 6 per cent down as Wilmar deal raises dilution woes
SBI's Bhushan Steel bail out plan may face hurdles as lenders turn unsupportive
Sell Ashok Leyland Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 43: Prakash Gaba
Sell Divi Laboratories Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 1711: Vijay Bhambwani
Sell Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd with a target of Rs 400: Prakash Gaba
Sell Tech Mahindra Ltd with a stop loss of Rs 2606: Mitesh Thacker
Shameful that listed firms not finding women directors: Sebi Chief U K Sinha
Share prices of JustDial unlikely to go up futher; trade cautiously: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Short-term investors should not look at Hindustan Unilever: Sajiv Dhawan
Shree Renuka Sugars has had a lot of bad luck:  Jagdish Malkani
Shree Renuka Sugars slips 10% on fears of equity dilution after Wilmar deal
Sluggish growth seen in auto ancillary space over next two quarters: Jitendra Sriram
Sovereign wealth funds sell chunk of Indian stocks; oil-rich countries among top sellers
SRF December quarter net profit drops 19 per cent to Rs 72 crore
Sugar costlier by up to Rs 2 per kg on import duty hike
"Suzlon: Orders rise
"Swiss franc drops to 2-week low on talk of SNB hand
TCS shares slump over 9% post Q2 results; mcap down Rs 46K crore
"TCS to perform no better than 10-year bond
"Tough competition
Vijaya Bank's third  quarter  net profit  plummets 91 per cent
Viom Networks pushes back IPO plans to April 2016 as market turn sluggish
VIP Industries Q1 net down by 38.8 per cent at Rs 23.5 crore
Warren Buffett's Berkshire equity portfolio goes awry; loses $5 bn since June 30
Wockhardt slips nearly 4 per cent as Illinois unit comes under USFDA scanner
Would not want to buy Nifty for a target of 6750: Sandeep Wagle
Yen sinks to 7-year low after Bank of Japan tricks and treats investors
"Zinc futures fall 0.17 per cent on low spot demand
8300-8400 levels on Nifty to be worst case scenario post Budget 2015: Ashwani Gujral
"AirAsia shares post biggest drop in 3 years
AirAsia shares skid nearly 9 pct day after CEO outlines plans to raise funds
"Assets under gold ETF decline 14% in one year
Australian shares falls for third day straight as growth data reduces rate hike prospects
"Avoid sugar stocks as too many people are stuck: Sajiv Dhawan
Bata India slips over 4% as Q2 net profit declines to Rs 59.37 crore
"Be in caution mode until govt action in 2012: Sandeep J Shah
"Bhushan Steel plunges 10%
Coffee output may fall by 2.2 per cent this year due to crop damage
Credit Suisse maintains underperform rating on Bharti Airtel post Q4; sees over 30% downside
Crude likely to fall to $60 a barrel in near to medium term: Experts
"Cut in natural gas price
Deepak Fertilisers drops nearly 3 per cent as govt stops domestic natural gas supply
Demand for gold in India tepid despite fall in prices to a 5-year low
Doubt on Dalal Street: Sensex sheds 518 points as fast as a bullet train
Dr Reddy Laboratories slips nearly 3% post Q2 results; net profit down 16.8% YoY
"Drop in Q3 profits
"East India Hotels Q1 earnings fall on weakening traffic of foreign tourists
"Expect market to be volatile for time being: Gautam Sinha Roy
Feels like 1986: Oil on track for longest weekly losing streak in 29 years
Fight against black money: Sebi bars 59 entities including HNIs for executing fictitious trades
"Gold futures tumble to below 26
Hitachi Home & Life Solutions FY-11 net profit down 36% at Rs 29 crore
HNG Dec qtr net down 4.8 pc at Rs 31.4 cr; to hike prices
Hotel Leela Venture fails to pay quarterly interest on LIC loan; stock falls 6%
"JSPL scrip factoring in all the negatives
"Malvinder and Shivinder Singh looking to exit Religare Enterprises
MD CP Gurnani sells 1.46 lakh shares of Tech Mahindra for Rs 15.51 crore
Muted response to tax-free bonds by ports due to weak market: G K Vasan
"NALCO net dips 21 pc to Rs 1
"Nifty50 slips below 8
OBC Q3 net down 31 pc at Rs 224 cr on rising bad loans
Orissa Minerals Development Company shares plunge 5 per cent on delay in bonus issue
"Pimco slashes holdings in flagship fund by 15% 
"Rallis India drops on poor Q2 numbers
Raw material to cost ratio a key determinant for Maruti Suzuki's performance: Amit Khurana
"Real estate business will take time to pick up: Deven Choksey
Sensex under pressure a day ahead of June F&O expiry; top 20 trading bets
"South Korea won falls to 5-month low on US rate outlook
Standard Chartered India's H1 2014 operating profit down 10 per cent to $395 million
State Bank of Travancore Q3 Net plunges 88 per cent at Rs 14.76 crore
"Stocks of PSBs may correct 3-7% on weak results
Super Religare Laboratories withdraws draft IPO prospectus; to resubmit again in next 4-6 weeks
"Suzlon inks loan deal worth Rs 7
Tariff value of gold increased to $521/10 gm; import of gold to be costlier
Unitech Q1 dips by 53 pc to Rs 45.88 crore; no dividend for FY'12
World rice trade to drop to 41.3 million tonnes in 2015: UN food agency
Action against shell companies: Trading stops in around 300 stocks after Sebi cracks the whip
"At the current level
Bombay High Court denies relief to brokers on regularization of illegal structures at BSE building
"Brace for further fall; Nifty likely to slip below recent low of 7
"D-Street fears a volatility spike on uncertainty over Fed
"Eros International Media slumps as US bank raises doubts over UAE revenues
Export of oilmeals from India down by 4 pc between April 2013 to January 2014
Fears of a rate hike by US Federal Reserve and rupee depreciation make investors jittery
From 30K to 27K; top 5 reasons why there is more pain ahead for Sensex
FY16 not a good year for large drug makers; prefer midcap pharma stocks: Hemindra Hazari
Global fund managers eyeing fall in Sensex; to turn buyer post 10%-20% correction in market
Gold's fall threatens to squash run of mining M&As just as momentum was picking up
"HCL Tech Q2 seen flat at Rs 1
"Interim Budget 2014: Excise duty cuts across auto segment roll in
Lot of negative news is the reason for sharp decline in telecom stocks: Angel Broking
MEP Infra Developers IPO: Why it can potentially be a risky bet for retail investors
Negative biasness to persist; global cues to set market tone in near term: Quantum Securities
NSEL scam: High Court appoints fact-finding panel to monetise and sell assets of defaulting parties
Pantaloon Retail's warrant conversion dilemma: Lose Rs 100 crore or shell out Rs 300 crore
"PSU banks are being impacted due to stress on asset quality: Pankaj Pandey
"Real estate is not a good long-term investment option: Dipan Mehta
"Shipping Corporation of India's net loss widens more than nine times
Shree Renuka Sugars ends 6% down on Wilmar deal: To sell the stock or not?
"State Bank of India Q3 net profit down 34% to Rs 2234 crore
Tsunami of bad debt set to strike stocks of PSBs; avoid sailing:  Hemindra Hazari
UBS sceptical about Infosys Vision 2020 - companys growth plan over the next five years
An insurance company underestimated how long people would live - and now its stock is crashing
HDIL Q1 net down 44%; to generate 2 million sq ft TDRs in next one year
"Lack of substantial increase in the rural income is impacting M&M: Sandeep J Shah
Lenders including Bank of India ask Sakthi Sugars to sell assets or equity to repay debt
RBI's rate hike will see rise in number of stressed firms in BSE 500: India Ratings
Share sales to meet holding norm set by Sebi; secondary market may face severe fund crunch
Surge in sales volume of products linked to Indian equities can threaten NSE's pricing power: Experts
Vote on account 2014: Jewellery stocks plunge as much as 5% as no duty cut disappoints
"Adverse conditions in US and Europe markets took a toll on ours: Prakash Diwan
"Dr Reddy Laboratories reports 17% net profit drop in July-September quarter
Govts decision to increase import duty on natural rubber will hurt Make in India initiative: Tyre makers
Most railway related stocks slip in red after hitting fresh 52-week highs ahead of Rail Budget 2014
Strides Arcolab may see some more downside if the Mylan deal does not come through: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Sun Pharma declines 1.7 per cent on getting warning letter from  US Food and Drug Administration
Goldman Sachs thinks oil prices could fall another 50% as the market spends another year sorting itself out
Growth concern for Bajaj Electricals is going to slip on to the next couple of quarters: Gaurang Shah
United Spirits tanks 8% as traders short sell on buzz that Diageo open offer to be around 53%
"Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd. is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2
Nigel Harris to take over as Ford India head from Feb 1; Sumit Sawhney to be Renault India MD & CEO
Would bet on Bosch and Wabco in the auto ancillary sector; likely to do well in long-term: Pankaj Pandey
DIIs likely to lap up Rs 1 lakh crore bonds; UDAY brings cheers to PF & insurance funds
"SBI
"Century -UltraTech  deal would be a win-win situation for both companies
"Auto
"Buoyed by Royal Enfield
Current surge in fuel prices not enough to reassure investment in oil and gas space: Hemindra Hazari
"L&T
"LinkedIn
"NTPC
Upside left in oil PSUs; infra and engineering stocks need to justify their current pricing: IV Subramaniam
Why a stock revival might be in sight for sugar companies like Renuka Sugars and EID Parry
VIX jumps 64% on covering of short Nifty put options & squaring off of bullish bets
"Aban and Reliance can be picked up at current levels: Sandeep Wagle
"CBI raids NSEL offices; Financial Tech
"Even after the dream run
"IGL zooms 12%
"IndusInd
"MCX
"Results of Whirlpool and Symphony make them much more credit worthy: P Phani Sekhar
Russia-Ukraine standoff sends markets into a tizzy; Sensex snaps 5-day winning streak to slip below 21k
"Sales growth of top 10 listed consumer cos like HUL
"Sensex rallies over 100 points
"Subsidy phase-out will drive further upside in oil & gas stocks: Deven Choksey
"Sun Pharma
USFDA becoming dreaded word in Dalal Street; pharma companies need to keep Street in the loop
"Baba Ramdev's Patanjali bigger than Emami and Jyothy Labs
"Coca-Cola takes on Pepsi
"ONGC
"Spot iron ore eyes fourth weekly gain in five
"Bank Nifty
BSE small and midcap stocks shine; over 100 stocks hit fresh 52-week high on BSE
"Edelweiss
"FIIs up stakes in 16 Sensex companies including Infosys
"Impact of delay in gas price hike: RIL
"Infosys
"IOC
"Need to be patient while investing in oil and gas stocks: IV Subramaniam
Not easy to make money in Maruti; Tata Motors top bet in auto: Mehraboon Irani
Rejigging of heavyweight indices like Nifty or MSCI India may serve as good investment opportunity
"RIL
"Sensex
"Shakti Pumps
"State-run Cos REC
Unity Infraprojects and  Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals to set up India's first terminal market
Which one is a better bet? Hero MotoCorp or Bajaj Auto in two wheeler space
As of now I would not buy either Bata or Titan Industries: Vijay Bhambwani
"Capex cycle revival positive for market; prefer logistics stocks: Prakash Diwan
"M&M
"Metals
"Unlike Facebook
"8200 holds the key for Nifty; Sensex likely to climb to 27
"Bank
"Bharti
"Big day for IPOs: IndiGo
"Binani Cement
"Build on to your positions
"Build positions around PSU banking space; bet on Canara
"Capital goods names like Cummins
"China
"Discom revival plan fails to lift power stocks; REC
"Eros International
From fragile five to two good: Dollar flexing muscles but rupee is fit too
"Gilts
"Good opportunity to buy Reliance
Havells Q3 net jumps five fold to Rs 59 cr; focus on green tech
"HUL
"Imports of chana
"Infrastructure cos like ITNL
"Infrastructure
"Look at adding Infosys
"Monetisation of telecom
"Overweight on TCS
Overweight on the ancillaries and underweight on the auto at this point: BP Singh
"Page
"Petrol
"PVR
"Railway vendor stocks like Kalindee
Road to Recovery: Cement and financial services firms to drive BSE 100 companies' earnings
"Sensex
"SpiceJet
Suggest to invest in Pharma sector and midcap pharma names like Torrent: Sudip Bandyopadhyay
"Suzlon
"TCS
"Yellen effect: Sensex surges over 350 pts; Nifty regains 6
Banking sector getting over the hump; exercise caution on IT counters: Ajay Bodke
"BSE
"China
D-Street trading: Mid & small cap stocks not yet out of the woods
Falling revenues and intense competition dim prospects for medium and small IT firms
"Iron ore hits 19-mth low as supply overwhelms
Nikkei falls as anti-austerity party wins Greek election; stronger yen weighs on market
Nikkei falls as yen bounces after Swiss jolt; down for a third week
"Pharma stocks rally after SC's Novartis verdict; analysts positive on DRL
"South Korea eyes measures to offset impact of weak yen
"South Korea stocks edge down on profit taking
"Syndicate Bank
"Tech Mahindra
"UP Elections: Sugar stocks like Bajaj Hindusthan
"ACC
ADAG pack fires up after Ambani brothers seal Rs 1200 crore telecom deal
"Airline companies' shares skyrocket
"Airline stocks in for turbulent times
"Airtel
"Bank
"Chart Check from Angel Broking for Tuesday
"Chart Check from Emkay Global for Friday
"Citigroup
Cummins or Everest Kanto are good picks from capital goods sector: Rajesh Jain
"E-commerce boom: Goldman
EID Parry is a good pick from sugar and agri space: Shrikant Chouhan
"Jyothy Laboratory
"Keep holding long positions; Nifty to outperform CNX IT
"L&T
"LIC's Rs 45
"Lupin
"Many blue-chip stocks like RIL
"Mutual funds sell IT
"NTPC
"Opposite movement of Infosys
"Private banks
"PSUs CIL
"Recent fall in private banking stocks unjustified; prefer Axis
"Recommend going long on IT stocks like TCS
"Returns are high in Fin Tech
Rubber and pepper imports may rise to new highs due to tight supplies
"Sectoral churning likely; IT
South Korean shares slide to 3-week low on China growth worries; won up
"Stay neutral to negative on auto and banking stocks: Harendra Kumar
"TCS to announce Q4 results on Apr 16; HCL Tech
Textile space with stocks like Alok Industries and Arvind looks good: Deepak Mohoni
"Valuations discount for midcap
"Where the funds flow: Banks
"Yellen or Rajan? Five reasons why Sensex gained 350 points
"2011: Gold
Asia forex rattled by Federal Reserve rates view; ringgit at four-month low
"Bharti
"BSE
"Cox & Kings
"Defensives like pharma
"Gold glitters to top Rs 32
"IT
South Korean shares reverse early gains to close flat; won edges lower
"Alkem
"Australian
"Avoid PSU oil & gas space altogether: Mehraboon Irani
"Banking
"BHEL
"BNP Paribas upgrades India to 'overweight'
"BPCL
"Capital goods
"Cautious on IT stocks
"Ceat
"Cement sector eyes comeback; buy UltraTech with a target of Rs 3
"Cobrapost impact: ICICI Bank
Compliance worries hit shares of Sun Pharma and  Dr Reddy's Laboratories
"Core Education
"Eicher
"Forgettable year for gold & silver
"Global cues can drag CNX IT
"GMR Infra
"IDBI
"Important to go beyond Nifty and Sensex: Arindam Ghosh
"M&M
"Manappuram
"Many stocks like BHEL
"Market bets on TCS
"Maruti
"Matrix Partners
Media stocks like Jagran and CNBC likely to move up: Jagdish Malkani
"Mining stocks snub DMF concerns
"Move over Sensex
"NBFC stocks like Manappuram
"New Zealand dollar hits 5-month lows
"Nifty crosses 7
"Nine blue-chip companies add Rs 1
"ONGC
Orix Corp in talks to buy TPG Capital stake; Shriram Transport up
Over 100-point gap down opening seen for Nifty; Sensex may retest 27K
"PFC
Play auto theme with four-wheeler stocks; CV space looks good: Amit Khurana
"Play renewable energy theme indirectly with Elecon Engg
Prefer Hero Motocorp over Bajaj Auto in  two-wheeler space: Mehraboon Irani
"Repo rate: Auto
SAT sets aside fine imposed by SEBI on Golden Tobacco and GHCL
"SBI
Seoul shares fall as foreigners' 5-day buying streak ends; won edges up
"Seoul shares rise to 2-month highs
Solid stocks lift Asia FX before Fed; won up on S&P upgrade
"South Korea shares subdued as weak exports data weigh
South Korea stocks edge down after Samsung Electronics's weak Q2 earnings guidance
South Korean won falls nearly 1% against the dollar; shares edge lower
"TBZ
"Tobacco
Tyre companies rise on weak rubber prices; Ceat up 8.4 per cent
"Ukraine crisis over? Oil marketing companies gain as rupee appreciates
"United Spirits
US stocks: Wall Street ends down 5th session; oil prices fall further
"2014 not to be easier for rupee
"DoT not to cancel R-Com
Exit Ipca Labs; it's the next Wockhardt in making: Dipan Mehta
Hindalco and Tata Steel look good in metal space: Ashwani Gujral
"Hong Kong
Jewellery stocks rebound after a steep fall; PC Jeweller rally 20%
"Logistics companies like Gati
"Mining & metal stocks catch global chill
"Not positive on metal pack including Hindalco: Pankaj Pandey
"Remain bullish on SKF India
"Upsides to come from smallcaps
"Auto
"Betting on IOC
"Bharti
"BHEL
"BHEL
"Book profits with Sesa Sterlite
"CERC tariff order: NTPC at 5-year low
"Cess may impact EPS of Oil India
"China
"China
"Despite rupee appreciation
"DLF
Dollar sits tight ahead of Fed meeting and data; kiwi sags
Domestic funds moving to mid cap & cyclical stocks: Vijai Mantri
"EM stocks lower
"Emerging stocks at new 13-month high; politics weigh on rouble
Euro and yen under pressure again ahead of US job numbers
Euro steady ahead of ECB; Aussie slides on weak jobs data
"Europe stocks
"Focus on inorganic growth
"HDIL
"Hold Infosys
HUL VS GSK Consumer health: Why holding back may be wiser
"IMF outlook boosts Sensex
"ING Vysya Bank
IT stocks to underperform market; cyclicals look more attractive: Parag Thakkar
Juice still left in Shriram Transport and Yes Bank: Ajay Bodke
"Lupin
"Metal stocks crack; SAIL
"Metal
"Midcap
"Mining and manufacturing behind disappointing GDP data: Ajay Bodke
"Moody's reaffirms ratings of Axis Bank
Mutual funds favour IT stocks like Infosys over pharma and auto
"Nifty slips below 6
"Nifty
"Nifty
"Nifty
"Nifty
"Nikkei falls to 1 week low
"NSE
"ONGC
"Prefer HCL Tech
Prefer Idea Cellular over Bharti Airtel in Telecom space: Ajay Bodke
"RIL
"Roche
"Rupee
"Russia
"S.Korean shares
"SBI
"Sebi clears IPOs of Numero Uno
"Select farm equipment
"Sensex ends past 27
"Sensex reclaims 27000
Sensex shines brighter than gold; returns over 600% in 14 years
"Sensex under pressure
"Sensex under pressure
"Sensex under pressure
"Sensex
"Shanghai
South Korea shares and won steady ahead of Fed policy meeting
"State govts gain from gold
"TCS
"Underweight on metals & manufacturing stocks : Vijai Mantri
Valuation gap between mid and largecap IT stocks to narrow: Chokkalingam
Wall Street ends near flat; Dow hits record for fourth day
"Wall Street rebounds with small-caps; Dow
"Wipro shares fall 7 per cent
"You can nibble on smallcaps & midcaps
10-year bonds hit over 13-month high; fall in crude helps
"ABB
"Asia stocks muted as jobs data awaited
"Australia shares close 0.3% lower at two-week lows
"Australia shares end a shade firmer
"Australia shares scale 3 week high as utilities
"Australia
"Australian
"Auto
Biotechs lift Wall Street; Dow back in black for 2014
"Brent oil dips below $102 on demand fears
China Yuan edges lower on Dollar demand for dividend payments
Energy stocks rise as Syria fears push up oil price
"Gold dips on firmer equities; Middle East
"Gold edges lower on steady equities
"Gold holds below 2-week high on robust dollar
"Growth fears hit Asia FX; rupiah
"HDFC
"HDFC
"IMF says dollar 'strong'; euro
"Markets on shaky ground: Fundamental road ahead for Sensex
Nikkei falls to 1-week low; MUFG rises on brokerage upgrade
"Nikkei slips to 6-week low on geopolitical anxiety
"Oil
"Akshaya Tritiya turns inauspicious for gold
"Price hike to fuel follow-on public offer for ONGC
"Apple
Asian stocks mixed; link date lifts Hong Kong and Shanghai
Aurobindo Pharma fairly valued; Ipca Labs looks promising: Prakash Diwan
Recommend Maruti and Tata Motors in auto sector: Jagdish Malkani
"Banks
"Banks
"Banks
"Bearish on sugar stocks
"Bharti
"BHEL
"BHEL
BILT Vs TN Newsprint: Do paper stocks offer reasonable returns?
Rupiah rises from 16-year low; won buoyed by firmer yen
"Brokerage views on Hero MotoCorp
"Brokerage views on Wipro
Brokerages pick manufacturing and infrastructure companies ahead of Budget 2015
"BSE
"BSE
"Bull run in fixed income
"Cadila Healthcare
"Cairn
"CERC order positive for Adani Power
"China
"China
"Copper
"Coromandel
Sterling steadies after biggest daily rise vs euro since 2009
"Sun
Derailed expectations! Rail stocks slip 20%; Sensex sinks 517 points
"Dow
"Eicher
"Upbeat data lifts dollar off lows
Extremely positive on private sector banks and NBFCs: Dipan Mehta
"Fears grow of a bubble in Brazil
Yen up against dollar in Asia on global growth fears
"Funds buy banks
"Gloomy French data hits European shares
"Gloomy French data hits European stocks
"Great Eastern Energy
"Hong Kong shares fall to 9-week low
"Infosys and Wipro top picks
"Infosys
"IOC
"IPOs of Shree Pushkar Chemicals
It's sonorous! Metals fall on China jitters; Vedanta dives 10%
"July-September Earnings: Sun Pharma has edge
"Lupin
"M&M
"M&M
"Manappuram Finance
Mangalore Chemicals surges as Deepak Fertilisers ups open offer price
"Markets hit all-time high; Sensex above 22
"Maruti
"Network18
"Nifty should test 8
"Nifty slips below 6
"Nifty
"Nifty
"Nikkei falls on Greece worries
Nikkei rises to 3-week high as weaker yen helps sentiment
Nikkei rises to fresh 2-month high as Yen supports sentiment
Not buying metals and cyclicals stocks currently:  Vijai Mantri
"NSE launches indices on Tata
"ONGC
PEs to buy into HIPL; Hero Honda down over 2%
"Pharma do not have weightage
"Poll-driven euphoria peters out
Power Grid out of PSU ETF; FinMin files offer document
"Prefer Bajaj
"Prefer JK Tyre
"PSU banking space shines; OBC
"RBI
"RIL
"S&P
S.Korean stocks post best day in 4-weeks; won closes weaker
"SC judgment neutral for telecom majors
"Sensex ends the day below 26
"Sensex opens in red
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
"Sensex rangebound
Sensex starts on a cautious note; Nifty tests 6500 levels
"SKNL
"Small
"South Korea stocks reach fresh 3-year high
"South Korean shares poised for 4-day winning streak
South Korean stocks end up; won firmer on exporter demand
"South Korean stocks
Spectrum Auction: Bharti Airtel & Idea Cellular outperforms broader market
Strong U.S. housing data hurts Asia FX; Oil hits ringgit
"Tata Motors
"Tech
"Telecom
"Thomas Cook
Ukraine standoff threatens Sensex; index below 21K: Top stock bets
"UltraTech
"United Spirits
"Weak Smiths
"Actis
"Alarm bells across globe as China sinks
"Asian markets
"Asian stocks stall as Ukraine sours mood
"Australian
"Banking
"Bourses to shift Kingfisher Airlines
"BSE
"BSE
"BSE
Bullion stocks to pick: Hindustan Zinc & Hindalco Industries
Citi downgrades Reliance Industries to neutral; prefers Cairn India
"Dealing room: IOC
"Dealing room: Tech Mahindra
"Dollar basks in post-payrolls glow
"Dollar jumps on yen
"Dollar shines
"Dollar steadies before Yellen and ADP data
"Dow closes at new record as Intel
"DRL
"Economic boost? Sensex
"Euro
"Euro
"Europe stocks hold steady
"European shares down
European stock slip at open; London FTSE down 0.21%
"Fitch ratings raise outlook on Malaysia; ringgit
"FTSE retreats from 10-wk high
"Galloping IndiGo stock outpaces combined m-cap of Jet
"German data brings relief to euro
"Gold and silver down as oil retreats
Gold climbs to fresh two-week high on softer dollar
Gold crawls back on modest buying; silver edges lower
"Gold
"Gold
"HDFC
"HDFC
"Infy
InterGlobe on a high; other airline stocks also gain
IT companies to benefit on weak rupee: Dipan Mehta
"Japanese stocks
"Jet Airways
"Jet
"JSW Steel
"Kingfisher
"Long-term outlook on IT
"MphasiS
"Nifty falls below 6
"Nifty
"NSE
"NTPC
"Optimistic on auto
"Prefer HDFC Bank over ICICI
Prefer Infosys over TCS in IT sector: Prashastha Seth
Prefer LIC Housing Finance from NBFC space: Gaurav Mehta
Reduce overdependence on IT and pharma stocks: Dhiraj Sachdev
"RelCap
"Reliance Infrastructure
"Renuka Sugar
"RNRL
Rouble drops against dollar as oil price slumps again
"Sandeep Wagle's hot stock picks: DLF
"SEB reforms positive for PNB
"Sensex closes at 5-week high; Nifty ends above 6
"Sensex drops over 200 points; Nifty slips below 7
Sensex falls over 200 points; Nifty slips below 200-DMA
"Sensex hits record all-time high; Nifty races past 7
"Sensex rangebound
Sensex slips over 200 points; Infosys Q2 beat estimates
Sensex snaps 2-day fall; IT Index plunges over 4%
"Sensex turns choppy; RIL
"Sensex
"Sensex@1
"Shares cautious on Ukraine anxiety; China
"Short-term trading strategies on Hero MotoCorp
"Silver bounces back on global cues
"Soyabean
"Tech
"Tech
"Underweight on capital goods
"Yuan touches 6-month low
"Asian markets edge lower
Australia shares fall as oil slump wallops energy stocks
Aviation stocks plunge as rupee tanks to all-time low
"Aviation
"DLF
"Enginners India pretty flat
"Escorts
"Euronext to list first on French
Europe shares dip early; Actelion up on drug results
Falling crude prices spook Asian shares; Nikkei tanks 1.4%
"Income tax department orders special audit of MCX-SX
"Infosys
Japanese yen slips in Asia following weak China data
"Maruti
"MCX
"Open interest in Nifty
"Parag Milk Foods
Patel Engineering and IVRCL are good plays: Ashit Suri
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; Infosys Q1 results eyed
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; TCS Q1 results eyed
"Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; Reliance Industries
PSBs and private banks have already peaked: Harendra Kumar
"Ranbaxy
"RBI policy a non-event
"Rupee
Russian rouble down over 1 per cent versus dollar
"Select copra drops on reduced demand
Sterling hits 8-week low vs dollar on war worries
"Stocks
"Stocks
"Valuation concerns loom over infra
"Action shifts to midcaps
Adequate stocks drag down sugar futures by 0.51%
"Australia shares stumble on banks
"Banks
Bearish on Cairn India and ONGC: Mitesh Thacker
"BPCL
"Brokers' Call: ONGC
"Brokers' Call: Tata Steel
"Choppy Sensex ends flat
"Copper
"Credit Suisse
"CRR cut to enable bullish equity
"Currencies
"Disappointing TCS
"Dollar dips versus yen
"Dollar extends gains
"Dollar
"Dollar
"Dow hits intraday high
"EasyJet leads European shares higher
"Election euphoria: Nifty
"Euro wobbles before Greek vote
"European equities hit multi-year high
European stocks slip at open; FTSE down 0.12%
"Gold rises on softer dollar
"Gold
"Gold
"Gold
"Government lowers tariff value on imported gold
"Greek
Gulf markets's decline eases as China markets recover
"Jeera
"Jet Airways
"Masoor
"Nifty rangebound; Hindalco
"Nifty rangebound; ONGC
"Nifty
"Pantaloon
Prefer Indian FMCG companies to HUL: Dipan Mehta
"Realty
"Sensex ends above 26
"Sensex ends flat
"Sensex opens below 21
"Sensex tests 25
"Sensex
"Sensex
"Sensex
"Adani group
"Beaten down power
"Financial
"Forex
"Global oil worries
Gold recovers on scattered buying; silver remains weak
IT and pharma sectors broadly currency play: Mitesh Thacker
"ITDC
"Metals
"Miners help FTSE recover
"NSE
Palladium slips from 3-1/2-year high; gold barely changed
Positive on Bharti and Idea Cellular: Gaurang Shah
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; Kotak Mahindra eyed
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; RBI policy eyed
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; RBI policy eyed
Rupee ends day at 59.27 against US dollar
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
Sterling dips against euro after German Ifo survey
"Sugar
"Vedanta
Vedanta-Cairn deal may not go through: Ajay Bagga
Wall Street mixed as Apple weighs on Nasdaq
Wall Street opens flat as Microsoft offsets Amazon
"Wall Street opens flat
"Australia
"Copper
"Coriander
"Coriander
"Daimler
"Dealing Room Buzz: Alstom
"Edible
"Educomp
"European shares steady
"Heard on the street: Dutchman MF
"Iraq boils over: Sensex crashes
"Maintain Buy on IOC
Prefer auto and pharmaceutical stocks: Taher Badshah
Rebound for Russia and China lifts stocks
Recommend TCS over HCL Tech: Pankaj Pandey
"Sensex holds 26
"Sensex rangebound; capital goods
"Sensex
"Turmeric
"UBS cuts gold
"WhatsApp
"Asia shares mostly down
"Asian shares edge higher
"Dollar firms
"Euro steadies after German survey
"Euro touches eight-month low
"Foreign investors prefer Indian cyclicals
"German shares outperform on Metro
"Gold
"Gold
"Gold
"Masoor
"NTPC
"Oil
"ONGC
Rupee gains 29 paise against US dollar
Southeast Asia stocks-mostly weak; Indonesia bucks trend
Sterling hits three-week high against weaker dollar
"Wipro
"Dollar
"Turmeric
"Chilli
"Coriander
"Coriander
European shares dip early; Wincor sinks
"Gram
"Jeera
"Negative on Chambal
"Small
Rupee slips against US dollar
Rupee weak against US dollar
Australia shares flat; energy drags
